D. Order book

Let's consider a simplified version of order book of some stock. The order book is a list of orders (offers) from people that want to buy or sell one unit of the stock, each order is described by direction (BUY or SELL) and price.

At every moment of time, every SELL offer has higher price than every BUY offer.

In this problem no two ever existed orders will have the same price.

The lowest-price SELL order and the highest-price BUY order are called the best offers, marked with black frames on the picture below.

There are two possible actions in this orderbook:

It is allowed to add new BUY order only with prices less than the best SELL offer (if you want to buy stock for higher price, then instead of adding an order you should accept the best SELL offer). Similarly, one couldn't add a new SELL order with price less or equal to the best BUY offer. For example, you can't add a new offer " SELL $20$ " if there is already an offer " BUY $20$ " or " BUY $25$ " — in this case you just accept the best BUY offer.

You have a damaged order book log (in the beginning the are no orders in book). Every action has one of the two types:

The directions of all actions are lost. Information from the log isn't always enough to determine these directions. Count the number of ways to correctly restore all ADD action directions so that all the described conditions are satisfied at any moment. Since the answer could be large, output it modulo $10^9 + 7$. If it is impossible to correctly restore directions, then output $0$.

Input
The first line contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 363\,304$) — the number of actions in the log. Each of the next $n$ lines contains a string " ACCEPT " or " ADD " and an integer $p$ ($1 \le p \le 308\,983\,066$), describing an action type and price. All ADD actions have different prices. For ACCEPT action it is guaranteed that the order with the same price has already been added but has not been accepted yet.

Output
Output the number of ways to restore directions of ADD actions modulo $10^9 + 7$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes