E. Arithmetic Progression

This is an interactive problem!

An arithmetic progression or arithmetic sequence is a sequence of integers such that the subtraction of element with its previous element ($x_i - x_{i - 1}$, where $i \ge 2$) is constant — such difference is called a common difference of the sequence.

That is, an arithmetic progression is a sequence of form $x_i = x_1 + (i - 1) d$, where $d$ is a common difference of the sequence.

There is a secret list of $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$.

It is guaranteed that all elements $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ are between $0$ and $10^9$, inclusive.

This list is special: if sorted in increasing order, it will form an arithmetic progression with positive common difference ($d > 0$). For example, the list $[14, 24, 9, 19]$ satisfies this requirement, after sorting it makes a list $[9, 14, 19, 24]$, which can be produced as $x_n = 9 + 5 \cdot (n - 1)$.

Also you are also given a device, which has a quite discharged battery, thus you can only use it to perform at most $60$ queries of following two types:

Your can use this special device for at most $60$ queries. Could you please find out the smallest element and the common difference of the sequence? That is, values $x_1$ and $d$ in the definition of the arithmetic progression. Note that the array $a$ is not sorted.

The interaction starts with a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 10^6$), the size of the list of integers.

Then you can make queries of two types:

After the query read its result $r$ as an integer.

When you find out what the smallest element $x_1$ and common difference $d$, print

And quit after that. This query is not counted towards the $60$ queries limit.

After printing any query do not forget to output end of line and flush the output. Otherwise you will get Idleness limit exceeded. To do this, use:

Hacks

For hack, use the following format:

The first line should contain an integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 10^6$) — the list's size.

The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($0 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the elements of the list.

Also, after the sorting the list must form an arithmetic progression with positive common difference.

Input


Output


Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes