D. Abandoning Roads

Codefortia is a small island country located somewhere in the West Pacific. It consists of $n$ settlements connected by $m$ bidirectional gravel roads. Curiously enough, the beliefs of the inhabitants require the time needed to pass each road to be equal either to $a$ or $b$ seconds. It's guaranteed that one can go between any pair of settlements by following a sequence of roads.

Codefortia was recently struck by the financial crisis. Therefore, the king decided to abandon some of the roads so that:

The king, however, forgot where the parliament house was. For each settlement $p = 1, 2, \dots, n$, can you tell what is the minimum time required to travel between the king's residence and the parliament house (located in settlement $p$) after some roads are abandoned?

Input
The first line of the input contains four integers $n$, $m$, $a$ and $b$ ($2 \leq n \leq 70$, $n - 1 \leq m \leq 200$, $1 \leq a < b \leq 10^7$) — the number of settlements and gravel roads in Codefortia, and two possible travel times. Each of the following lines contains three integers $u, v, c$ ($1 \leq u, v \leq n$, $u \neq v$, $c \in \{a, b\}$) denoting a single gravel road between the settlements $u$ and $v$, which requires $c$ minutes to travel. You can assume that the road network is connected and has no loops or multiedges.

Output
Output a single line containing $n$ integers. The $p$ -th of them should denote the minimum possible time required to travel from $1$ to $p$ after the selected roads are abandoned. Note that for each $p$ you can abandon a different set of roads.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes