D. Tree Queries

Hanh is a famous biologist. He loves growing trees and doing experiments on his own garden.

One day, he got a tree consisting of $n$ vertices. Vertices are numbered from $1$ to $n$. A tree with $n$ vertices is an undirected connected graph with $n-1$ edges. Initially, Hanh sets the value of every vertex to $0$.

Now, Hanh performs $q$ operations, each is either of the following types:

Since Hanh is good at biology but not math, he needs your help on these operations.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $q$ ($1 \leq n, q \leq 150\,000$) — the number of vertices on Hanh's tree and the number of operations he performs. Each of the next $n - 1$ lines contains two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \leq u, v \leq n$), denoting that there is an edge connecting two vertices $u$ and $v$. It is guaranteed that these $n - 1$ edges form a tree. Each of the last $q$ lines describes an operation in either formats: $1$ $v$ $d$ ($1 \leq v \leq n, 0 \leq d \leq 10^7$), representing a first-type operation. $2$ $v$ ($1 \leq v \leq n$), representing a second-type operation. It is guaranteed that there is at least one query of the second type.

Output
For each operation of the second type, write the expected value on a single line. Let $M = 998244353$, it can be shown that the expected value can be expressed as an irreducible fraction $\frac{p}{q}$, where $p$ and $q$ are integers and $q \not \equiv 0 \pmod{M}$. Output the integer equal to $p \cdot q^{-1} \bmod M$. In other words, output such an integer $x$ that $0 \le x \lt M$ and $x \cdot q \equiv p \pmod{M}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes