E. Hyakugoku and Ladders

Hyakugoku has just retired from being the resident deity of the South Black Snail Temple in order to pursue her dream of becoming a cartoonist. She spent six months in that temple just playing "Cat's Cradle" so now she wants to try a different game — "Snakes and Ladders". Unfortunately, she already killed all the snakes, so there are only ladders left now.

The game is played on a $10 \times 10$ board as follows:

Please note that:

Hyakugoku wants to finish the game as soon as possible. Thus, on each turn she chooses whether to climb the ladder or not optimally. Help her to determine the minimum expected number of turns the game will take.

Input
Input will consist of ten lines. The $i$ -th line will contain 10 non-negative integers $h_{i1}, h_{i2}, \dots, h_{i10}$. If $h_{ij}$ is $0$, then the tile at the $i$ -th row and $j$ -th column has no ladder. Otherwise, the ladder at that tile will have a height of $h_{ij}$, i.e. climbing it will lead to the tile $h_{ij}$ rows directly above. It is guaranteed that $0 \leq h_{ij} < i$. Also, the first number of the first line and the first number of the last line always contain $0$, i.e. the Goal and the starting tile never have ladders.

Output
Print only one line containing a single floating-point number — the minimum expected number of turns Hyakugoku can take to finish the game. Your answer will be considered correct if its absolute or relative error does not exceed $10^{-6}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes