C. Paint the Digits

You are given a sequence of $n$ digits $d_1d_2 \dots d_{n}$. You need to paint all the digits in two colors so that:

For example, for the sequence $d=914$ the only valid coloring is $211$ (paint in the color $1$ two last digits, paint in the color $2$ the first digit). But $122$ is not a valid coloring ($9$ concatenated with $14$ is not a non-decreasing sequence).

It is allowed that either of the two colors is not used at all. Digits painted in the same color are not required to have consecutive positions.

Find any of the valid ways to paint the given sequence of digits or determine that it is impossible to do.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10000$) — the number of test cases in the input. The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2\cdot10^5$) — the length of a given sequence of digits. The next line contains a sequence of $n$ digits $d_1d_2 \dots d_{n}$ ($0 \le d_i \le 9$). The digits are written in a row without spaces or any other separators. The sequence can start with 0. It is guaranteed that the sum of the values ​​of $n$ for all test cases in the input does not exceed $2\cdot10^5$.

Output
Print $t$ lines — the answers to each of the test cases in the input. If there is a solution for a test case, the corresponding output line should contain any of the valid colorings written as a string of $n$ digits $t_1t_2 \dots t_n$ ($1 \le t_i \le 2$), where $t_i$ is the color the $i$ -th digit is painted in. If there are several feasible solutions, print any of them. If there is no solution, then the corresponding output line should contain a single character ' - ' (the minus sign).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes