C. Point Ordering

This is an interactive problem.

Khanh has $n$ points on the Cartesian plane, denoted by $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$. All points' coordinates are integers between $-10^9$ and $10^9$, inclusive. No three points are collinear. He says that these points are vertices of a convex polygon; in other words, there exists a permutation $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ of integers from $1$ to $n$ such that the polygon $a_{p_1} a_{p_2} \ldots a_{p_n}$ is convex and vertices are listed in counter-clockwise order.

Khanh gives you the number $n$, but hides the coordinates of his points. Your task is to guess the above permutation by asking multiple queries. In each query, you give Khanh $4$ integers $t$, $i$, $j$, $k$; where either $t = 1$ or $t = 2$; and $i$, $j$, $k$ are three distinct indices from $1$ to $n$, inclusive. In response, Khanh tells you:

Recall that the cross product of vector $\overrightarrow{a} = (x_a, y_a)$ and vector $\overrightarrow{b} = (x_b, y_b)$ is the integer $x_a \cdot y_b - x_b \cdot y_a$. The sign of a number is $1$ it it is positive, and $-1$ otherwise. It can be proven that the cross product obtained in the above queries can not be $0$.

You can ask at most $3 \cdot n$ queries.

Please note that Khanh fixes the coordinates of his points and does not change it while answering your queries. You do not need to guess the coordinates. In your permutation $a_{p_1}a_{p_2}\ldots a_{p_n}$, $p_1$ should be equal to $1$ and the indices of vertices should be listed in counter-clockwise order.

You start the interaction by reading $n$ ($3 \leq n \leq 1\,000$) — the number of vertices.

To ask a query, write $4$ integers $t$, $i$, $j$, $k$ ($1 \leq t \leq 2$, $1 \leq i, j, k \leq n$) in a separate line. $i$, $j$ and $k$ should be distinct.

Then read a single integer to get the answer to this query, as explained above. It can be proven that the answer of a query is always an integer.

When you find the permutation, write a number $0$. Then write $n$ integers $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ in the same line.

After printing a query do not forget to output end of line and flush the output. Otherwise, you will get Idleness limit exceeded. To do this, use:

Hack format

To hack, use the following format:

The first line contains an integer $n$ ($3 \leq n \leq 1\,000$) — the number of vertices.

The $i$ -th of the next $n$ lines contains two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ ($-10^9 \le x_i, y_i \le 10^9$) — the coordinate of the point $a_i$.

Input


Output


Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes