C. String Transformation 2

Note that the only difference between String Transformation 1 and String Transformation 2 is in the move Koa does. In this version the letter $y$ Koa selects can be any letter from the first $20$ lowercase letters of English alphabet (read statement for better understanding). You can make hacks in these problems independently.

Koa the Koala has two strings $A$ and $B$ of the same length $n$ ($|A|=|B|=n$) consisting of the first $20$ lowercase English alphabet letters (ie. from a to t).

In one move Koa:

Note that you can only modify letters in string $A$.

Koa wants to know the smallest number of moves she has to do to make strings equal to each other ($A = B$) or to determine that there is no way to make them equal. Help her!

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10$) — the number of test cases. Description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains one integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^5$) — the length of strings $A$ and $B$. The second line of each test case contains string $A$ ($|A|=n$). The third line of each test case contains string $B$ ($|B|=n$). Both strings consists of the first $20$ lowercase English alphabet letters (ie. from a to t). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case: Print on a single line the smallest number of moves she has to do to make strings equal to each other ($A = B$) or $-1$ if there is no way to make them equal.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes