C. Quantifier Question

Logical quantifiers are very useful tools for expressing claims about a set. For this problem, let's focus on the set of real numbers specifically. The set of real numbers includes zero and negatives. There are two kinds of quantifiers: universal ($\forall$) and existential ($\exists$). You can read more about them here.

The universal quantifier is used to make a claim that a statement holds for all real numbers. For example:

The existential quantifier is used to make a claim that there exists some real number for which the statement holds. For example:

Moreover, these quantifiers can be nested. For example:

Note that the order of variables and quantifiers is important for the meaning and veracity of a statement.

There are $n$ variables $x_1,x_2,\ldots,x_n$, and you are given some formula of the form $$ f(x_1,\dots,x_n):=(x_{j_1}<x_{k_1})\land (x_{j_2}<x_{k_2})\land \cdots\land (x_{j_m}<x_{k_m}), $$

where $\land$ denotes logical AND. That is, $f(x_1,\ldots, x_n)$ is true if every inequality $x_{j_i}<x_{k_i}$ holds. Otherwise, if at least one inequality does not hold, then $f(x_1,\ldots,x_n)$ is false.

Your task is to assign quantifiers $Q_1,\ldots,Q_n$ to either universal ($\forall$) or existential ($\exists$) so that the statement $$ Q_1 x_1, Q_2 x_2, \ldots, Q_n x_n, f(x_1,\ldots, x_n) $$

is true, and the number of universal quantifiers is maximized, or determine that the statement is false for every possible assignment of quantifiers.

Note that the order the variables appear in the statement is fixed. For example, if $f(x_1,x_2):=(x_1<x_2)$ then you are not allowed to make $x_2$ appear first and use the statement $\forall x_2,\exists x_1, x_1<x_2$. If you assign $Q_1=\exists$ and $Q_2=\forall$, it will only be interpreted as $\exists x_1,\forall x_2,x_1<x_2$.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($2\le n\le 2\cdot 10^5$; $1\le m\le 2\cdot 10^5$) — the number of variables and the number of inequalities in the formula, respectively. The next $m$ lines describe the formula. The $i$-th of these lines contains two integers $j_i$,$k_i$ ($1\le j_i,k_i\le n$, $j_i\ne k_i$).

Output
If there is no assignment of quantifiers for which the statement is true, output a single integer $-1$. Otherwise, on the first line output an integer, the maximum possible number of universal quantifiers. On the next line, output a string of length $n$, where the $i$-th character is " A " if $Q_i$ should be a universal quantifier ($\forall$), or " E " if $Q_i$ should be an existential quantifier ($\exists$). All letters should be upper-case. If there are multiple solutions where the number of universal quantifiers is maximum, print any.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes