D. The Majestic Brown Tree Snake

There is an undirected tree of $n$ vertices, connected by $n-1$ bidirectional edges. There is also a snake stuck inside of this tree. Its head is at vertex $a$ and its tail is at vertex $b$. The snake's body occupies all vertices on the unique simple path between $a$ and $b$.

The snake wants to know if it can reverse itself  — that is, to move its head to where its tail started, and its tail to where its head started. Unfortunately, the snake's movements are restricted to the tree's structure.

In an operation, the snake can move its head to an adjacent vertex not currently occupied by the snake. When it does this, the tail moves one vertex closer to the head, so that the length of the snake remains unchanged. Similarly, the snake can also move its tail to an adjacent vertex not currently occupied by the snake. When it does this, the head moves one unit closer to the tail.

Determine if it is possible to reverse the snake with some sequence of operations.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1\le t\le 100$)  — the number of test cases. The next lines contain descriptions of test cases. The first line of each test case contains three integers $n,a,b$ ($2\le n\le 10^5,1\le a,b\le n,a\ne b$). Each of the next $n-1$ lines contains two integers $u_i,v_i$ ($1\le u_i,v_i\le n,u_i\ne v_i$), indicating an edge between vertices $u_i$ and $v_i$. It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ across all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output " YES " if it is possible for the snake to reverse itself, or " NO " otherwise.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes