D. Rearrange

Koa the Koala has a matrix $A$ of $n$ rows and $m$ columns. Elements of this matrix are distinct integers from $1$ to $n \cdot m$ (each number from $1$ to $n \cdot m$ appears exactly once in the matrix).

For any matrix $M$ of $n$ rows and $m$ columns let's define the following:

Koa defines $S(A) = (X, Y)$ as the spectrum of $A$, where $X$ is the set of the maximum values in rows of $A$ and $Y$ is the set of the maximum values in columns of $A$.

More formally:

Koa asks you to find some matrix $A'$ of $n$ rows and $m$ columns, such that each number from $1$ to $n \cdot m$ appears exactly once in the matrix, and the following conditions hold:

More formally: $t$ is bitonic if there exists some position $p$ ($1 \le p \le k$) such that: $t_1 < t_2 < \ldots < t_p > t_{p+1} > \ldots > t_k$.

Help Koa to find such matrix or to determine that it doesn't exist.

Input
The first line of the input contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n, m \le 250$)  — the number of rows and columns of $A$. Each of the ollowing $n$ lines contains $m$ integers. The $j$ -th integer in the $i$ -th line denotes element $A_{ij}$ ($1 \le A_{ij} \le n \cdot m$) of matrix $A$. It is guaranteed that every number from $1$ to $n \cdot m$ appears exactly once among elements of the matrix.

Output
If such matrix doesn't exist, print $-1$ on a single line. Otherwise, the output must consist of $n$ lines, each one consisting of $m$ space separated integers  — a description of $A'$. The $j$ -th number in the $i$ -th line represents the element $A'_{ij}$. Every integer from $1$ to $n \cdot m$ should appear exactly once in $A'$, every row and column in $A'$ must be bitonic and $S(A) = S(A')$ must hold. If there are many answers print any.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes