E. Pattern Matching

You are given $n$ patterns $p_1, p_2, \dots, p_n$ and $m$ strings $s_1, s_2, \dots, s_m$. Each pattern $p_i$ consists of $k$ characters that are either lowercase Latin letters or wildcard characters (denoted by underscores). All patterns are pairwise distinct. Each string $s_j$ consists of $k$ lowercase Latin letters.

A string $a$ matches a pattern $b$ if for each $i$ from $1$ to $k$ either $b_i$ is a wildcard character or $b_i=a_i$.

You are asked to rearrange the patterns in such a way that the first pattern the $j$ -th string matches is $p[mt_j]$. You are allowed to leave the order of the patterns unchanged.

Can you perform such a rearrangement? If you can, then print any valid order.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n$, $m$ and $k$ ($1 \le n, m \le 10^5$, $1 \le k \le 4$) — the number of patterns, the number of strings and the length of each pattern and string. Each of the next $n$ lines contains a pattern — $k$ characters that are either lowercase Latin letters or underscores. All patterns are pairwise distinct. Each of the next $m$ lines contains a string — $k$ lowercase Latin letters, and an integer $mt$ ($1 \le mt \le n$) — the index of the first pattern the corresponding string should match.

Output
Print " NO " if there is no way to rearrange the patterns in such a way that the first pattern that the $j$ -th string matches is $p[mt_j]$. Otherwise, print " YES " in the first line. The second line should contain $n$ distinct integers from $1$ to $n$ — the order of the patterns. If there are multiple answers, print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes