D. Bananas in a Microwave

You have a malfunctioning microwave in which you want to put some bananas. You have $n$ time-steps before the microwave stops working completely. At each time-step, it displays a new operation.

Let $k$ be the number of bananas in the microwave currently. Initially, $k = 0$. In the $i$ -th operation, you are given three parameters $t_i$, $x_i$, $y_i$ in the input. Based on the value of $t_i$, you must do one of the following:

Type 1 : ($t_i=1$, $x_i$, $y_i$) — pick an $a_i$, such that $0 \le a_i \le y_i$, and perform the following update $a_i$ times: $k:=\lceil (k + x_i) \rceil$.

Type 2 : ($t_i=2$, $x_i$, $y_i$) — pick an $a_i$, such that $0 \le a_i \le y_i$, and perform the following update $a_i$ times: $k:=\lceil (k \cdot x_i) \rceil$.

Note that $x_i$ can be a fractional value. See input format for more details. Also, $\lceil x \rceil$ is the smallest integer $\ge x$.

At the $i$ -th time-step, you must apply the $i$ -th operation exactly once.

For each $j$ such that $1 \le j \le m$, output the earliest time-step at which you can create exactly $j$ bananas. If you cannot create exactly $j$ bananas, output $-1$.

Input
The first line contains two space-separated integers $n$ $(1 \le n \le 200)$ and $m$ $(2 \le m \le 10^5)$. Then, $n$ lines follow, where the $i$ -th line denotes the operation for the $i$ -th timestep. Each such line contains three space-separated integers $t_i$, $x'_i$ and $y_i$ ($1 \le t_i \le 2$, $1\le y_i\le m$). Note that you are given $x'_i$, which is $10^5 \cdot x_i$. Thus, to obtain $x_i$, use the formula $x_i= \dfrac{x'_i} {10^5}$. For type 1 operations, $1 \le x'_i \le 10^5 \cdot m$, and for type 2 operations, $10^5 < x'_i \le 10^5 \cdot m$.

Output
Print $m$ integers, where the $i$ -th integer is the earliest time-step when you can obtain exactly $i$ bananas (or $-1$ if it is impossible).

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes