C. Garden of the Sun

There are many sunflowers in the Garden of the Sun.

Garden of the Sun is a rectangular table with $n$ rows and $m$ columns, where the cells of the table are farmlands. All of the cells grow a sunflower on it. Unfortunately, one night, the lightning stroke some (possibly zero) cells, and sunflowers on those cells were burned into ashes. In other words, those cells struck by the lightning became empty. Magically, any two empty cells have no common points (neither edges nor corners).

Now the owner wants to remove some (possibly zero) sunflowers to reach the following two goals:

You can walk from an empty cell to another if they share a common edge.

Could you please give the owner a solution that meets all her requirements?

Note that you are not allowed to plant sunflowers. You don't need to minimize the number of sunflowers you remove. It can be shown that the answer always exists.

Input
The input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1\le t\le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line contains two integers $n$, $m$ ($1 \le n,m \le 500$) — the number of rows and columns. Each of the next $n$ lines contains $m$ characters. Each character is either ' X ' or '. ', representing an empty cell and a cell that grows a sunflower, respectively. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n \cdot m$ for all test cases does not exceed $250\,000$.

Output
For each test case, print $n$ lines. Each should contain $m$ characters, representing one row of the table. Each character should be either ' X ' or '. ', representing an empty cell and a cell with a sunflower, respectively. If there are multiple answers, you can print any. It can be shown that the answer always exists.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes