E2. Bitwise Queries (Hard Version)

The only difference between the easy and hard versions is the constraints on the number of queries.

This is an interactive problem.

Ridbit has a hidden array $a$ of $n$ integers which he wants Ashish to guess. Note that $n$ is a power of two. Ashish is allowed to ask three different types of queries. They are of the form

Can you help Ashish guess the elements of the array?

In this version, each element takes a value in the range $[0, n-1]$ (inclusive) and Ashish can ask no more than $n+1$ queries.

To ask a query print a single line containing one of the following (without quotes)

For each query, you will receive an integer $x$ whose value depends on the type of query. If the indices queried are invalid or you exceed the number of queries however, you will get $x = -1$. In this case, you should terminate the program immediately.

When you have guessed the elements of the array, print a single line " ! " (without quotes), followed by $n$ space-separated integers  — the elements of the array.

Guessing the array does not count towards the number of queries asked.

The interactor is not adaptive. The array $a$ does not change with queries.

After printing a query do not forget to output the end of the line and flush the output. Otherwise, you will get Idleness limit exceeded. To do this, use:

Hacks

To hack the solution, use the following test format:

On the first line print a single integer $n$ $(4 \le n \le 2^{16})$ — the length of the array. It must be a power of 2. The next line should contain $n$ space-separated integers in the range $[0, n-1]$ — the array $a$.

Input
The first line of input contains one integer $n$ $(4 \le n \le 2^{16})$ — the length of the array. It is guaranteed that $n$ is a power of two.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes