E. What Is It?

Lunar rover finally reached planet X. After landing, he met an obstacle, that contains permutation $p$ of length $n$. Scientists found out, that to overcome an obstacle, the robot should make $p$ an identity permutation (make $p_i = i$ for all $i$).

Unfortunately, scientists can't control the robot. Thus the only way to make $p$ an identity permutation is applying the following operation to $p$ multiple times:

Scientists asked you to find out the maximum possible time it will take the robot to finish making $p$ an identity permutation (i. e. worst-case scenario), so they can decide whether they should construct a new lunar rover or just rest and wait. They won't believe you without proof, so you should build an example of $p$ and robot's operations that maximizes the answer.

For a better understanding of the statement, read the sample description.

Input
The first line of input contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. Each of next $t$ lines contains the single integer $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq 10^5$) – the length of $p$. Note, that $p$ is not given to you. You should find the maximum possible time over all permutations of length $n$. It is guaranteed, that the total sum of $n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case in the first line, print how many seconds will the robot spend in the worst case. In the next line, print the initial value of $p$ that you used to construct an answer. In the next line, print the number of operations $m \leq n$ that the robot makes in your example. In the each of next $m$ lines print two integers $i$ and $j$ — indices of positions that the robot will swap on this operation. Note that $p_j = i$ must holds (at the time of operation).

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes