C. Compression and Expansion

William is a huge fan of planning ahead. That is why he starts his morning routine by creating a nested list of upcoming errands.

A valid nested list is any list which can be created from a list with one item " 1 " by applying some operations. Each operation inserts a new item into the list, on a new line, just after one of existing items $a_1 \,.\, a_2 \,.\, a_3 \,.\, \,\cdots\, \,.\,a_k$ and can be one of two types:

When William decided to save a Word document with the list of his errands he accidentally hit a completely different keyboard shortcut from the " Ctrl-S " he wanted to hit. It's not known exactly what shortcut he pressed but after triggering it all items in the list were replaced by a single number: the last number originally written in the item number.

William wants you to help him restore a fitting original nested list.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10$). Description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^3$), which is the number of lines in the list. Each of the next $n$ lines contains a single integer $a_i$ ($1 \le a_i \le n$), which is what remains of William's nested list. It is guaranteed that in each test case at least one fitting list exists. It is guaranteed that the sum of values $n$ across all test cases does not exceed $10^3$.

Output
For each test case output $n$ lines which represent a valid nested list, which could become the data provided to you by William. If there are multiple answers, print any.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes