D. Take a Guess

This is an interactive task

William has a certain sequence of integers $a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ in his mind, but due to security concerns, he does not want to reveal it to you completely. William is ready to respond to no more than $2 \cdot n$ of the following questions:

You can ask William these questions and you need to find the $k$ -th smallest number of the sequence.

Formally the $k$ -th smallest number is equal to the number at the $k$ -th place in a 1-indexed array sorted in non-decreasing order. For example in array $[5, 3, 3, 10, 1]$ $4$ th smallest number is equal to $5$, and $2$ nd and $3$ rd are $3$.

In the first line you will be given two integers $n$ and $k$ $(3 \le n \le 10^4, 1 \le k \le n)$, which are the number of items in the sequence $a$ and the number $k$.

After that, you can ask no more than $2 \cdot n$ questions (not including the " finish " operation).

Each line of your output may be of one of the following types:

In response to the first two types of queries, you will get an integer $x$, the result of the operation for the numbers you have selected.

After outputting a line do not forget to output a new line character and flush the output buffer. Otherwise you will get the " Idleness limit exceeded ". To flush the buffer use:

If you perform an incorrect query the response will be $-1$. After receiving response $-1$ you must immediately halt your program in order to receive an " Incorrect answer " verdict.

Hacking

To perform a hack you will need to use the following format:

The first line must contain two integers $n$ and $k$ $(3 \le n \le 10^4, 1 \le k \le n)$, which are the number of items in the sequence $a$ and the number $k$.

The second line must contain $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$ $(0 \le a_i \le 10^9)$, the sequence $a$.

Input
It is guaranteed that for each element in a sequence the condition $0 \le a_i \le 10^9$ is satisfied.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes