E. Assimilation IV

Monocarp is playing a game "Assimilation IV". In this game he manages a great empire: builds cities and conquers new lands.

Monocarp's empire has $n$ cities. In order to conquer new lands he plans to build one Monument in each city. The game is turn-based and, since Monocarp is still amateur, he builds exactly one Monument per turn.

Monocarp has $m$ points on the map he'd like to control using the constructed Monuments. For each point he knows the distance between it and each city. Monuments work in the following way: when built in some city, a Monument controls all points at distance at most $1$ to this city. Next turn, the Monument controls all points at distance at most $2$, the turn after — at distance at most $3$, and so on. Monocarp will build $n$ Monuments in $n$ turns and his empire will conquer all points that are controlled by at least one Monument.

Monocarp can't figure out any strategy, so during each turn he will choose a city for a Monument randomly among all remaining cities (cities without Monuments). Monocarp wants to know how many points (among $m$ of them) he will conquer at the end of turn number $n$. Help him to calculate the expected number of conquered points!

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n \le 20$; $1 \le m \le 5 \cdot 10^4$) — the number of cities and the number of points. Next $n$ lines contains $m$ integers each: the $j$ -th integer of the $i$ -th line $d_{i, j}$ ($1 \le d_{i, j} \le n + 1$) is the distance between the $i$ -th city and the $j$ -th point.

Output
It can be shown that the expected number of points Monocarp conquers at the end of the $n$ -th turn can be represented as an irreducible fraction $\frac{x}{y}$. Print this fraction modulo $998\,244\,353$, i. e. value $x \cdot y^{-1} \bmod 998244353$ where $y^{-1}$ is such number that $y \cdot y^{-1} \bmod 998244353 = 1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes