E. Off by One

There are $n$ points on an infinite plane. The $i$ -th point has coordinates $(x_i, y_i)$ such that $x_i \gt 0$ and $y_i \gt 0$. The coordinates are not necessarily integer.

In one move you perform the following operations:

However, the move can only be performed if there exists a line that passes through the new coordinates of $a$, new coordinates of $b$ and $(0, 0)$.

Otherwise, the move can't be performed and the points stay at their original coordinates $(x_a, y_a)$ and $(x_b, y_b)$, respectively.

The numeration of points does not change after some points are removed. Once the points are removed, they can't be chosen in any later moves. Note that you have to move both points during the move, you can't leave them at their original coordinates.

What is the maximum number of moves you can perform? What are these moves?

If there are multiple answers, you can print any of them.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of points. The $i$ -th of the next $n$ lines contains four integers $a_i, b_i, c_i, d_i$ ($1 \le a_i, b_i, c_i, d_i \le 10^9$). The coordinates of the $i$ -th point are $x_i = \frac{a_i}{b_i}$ and $y_i = \frac{c_i}{d_i}$.

Output
In the first line print a single integer $c$ — the maximum number of moves you can perform. Each of the next $c$ lines should contain a description of a move: two integers $a$ and $b$ ($1 \le a, b \le n$, $a \neq b$) — the points that are removed during the current move. There should be a way to move points $a$ and $b$ according to the statement so that there's a line that passes through the new coordinates of $a$, the new coordinates of $b$ and $(0, 0)$. No removed point can be chosen in a later move. If there are multiple answers, you can print any of them. You can print the moves and the points in the move in the arbitrary order.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes