E. Minimax

Prefix function of string $t = t_1 t_2 \ldots t_n$ and position $i$ in it is defined as the length $k$ of the longest proper (not equal to the whole substring) prefix of substring $t_1 t_2 \ldots t_i$ which is also a suffix of the same substring.

For example, for string $t = $ abacaba the values of the prefix function in positions $1, 2, \ldots, 7$ are equal to $[0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 2, 3]$.

Let $f(t)$ be equal to the maximum value of the prefix function of string $t$ over all its positions. For example, $f($ abacaba $) = 3$.

You are given a string $s$. Reorder its characters arbitrarily to get a string $t$ (the number of occurrences of any character in strings $s$ and $t$ must be equal). The value of $f(t)$ must be minimized. Out of all options to minimize $f(t)$, choose the one where string $t$ is the lexicographically smallest.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^5$). Description of the test cases follows. The only line of each test case contains string $s$ ($1 \le |s| \le 10^5$) consisting of lowercase English letters. It is guaranteed that the sum of lengths of $s$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case print a single string $t$. The multisets of letters in strings $s$ and $t$ must be equal. The value of $f(t)$, the maximum of prefix functions in string $t$, must be as small as possible. String $t$ must be the lexicographically smallest string out of all strings satisfying the previous conditions.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes