E. PermutationForces II

You are given a permutation $a$ of length $n$. Recall that permutation is an array consisting of $n$ distinct integers from $1$ to $n$ in arbitrary order.

You have a strength of $s$ and perform $n$ moves on the permutation $a$. The $i$ -th move consists of the following:

You want to turn $a$ into another permutation $b$ after $n$ moves. However, some elements of $b$ are missing and are replaced with $-1$ instead. Count the number of ways to replace each $-1$ in $b$ with some integer from $1$ to $n$ so that $b$ is a permutation and it is possible to turn $a$ into $b$ with a strength of $s$.

Since the answer can be large, output it modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Input
The input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 1000$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $s$ ($1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$; $1 \leq s \leq n$) — the size of the permutation and your strength, respectively. The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le n$) — the elements of $a$. All elements of $a$ are distinct. The third line of each test case contains $n$ integers $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ ($1 \le b_i \le n$ or $b_i = -1$) — the elements of $b$. All elements of $b$ that are not equal to $-1$ are distinct. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer — the number of ways to fill up the permutation $b$ so that it is possible to turn $a$ into $b$ using a strength of $s$, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes