E. Middle Duplication

A binary tree of $n$ nodes is given. Nodes of the tree are numbered from $1$ to $n$ and the root is the node $1$. Each node can have no child, only one left child, only one right child, or both children. For convenience, let's denote $l_u$ and $r_u$ as the left and the right child of the node $u$ respectively, $l_u = 0$ if $u$ does not have the left child, and $r_u = 0$ if the node $u$ does not have the right child.

Each node has a string label, initially is a single character $c_u$. Let's define the string representation of the binary tree as the concatenation of the labels of the nodes in the in-order. Formally, let $f(u)$ be the string representation of the tree rooted at the node $u$. $f(u)$ is defined as follows: $$ f(u) = \begin{cases} \texttt{ \lt empty string \gt }, & \text{if }u = 0; \\ f(l_u) + c_u + f(r_u) & \text{otherwise}, \end{cases} $$ where $+$ denotes the string concatenation operation.

This way, the string representation of the tree is $f(1)$.

For each node, we can duplicate its label at most once, that is, assign $c_u$ with $c_u + c_u$, but only if $u$ is the root of the tree, or if its parent also has its label duplicated.

You are given the tree and an integer $k$. What is the lexicographically smallest string representation of the tree, if we can duplicate labels of at most $k$ nodes?

A string $a$ is lexicographically smaller than a string $b$ if and only if one of the following holds:

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le k \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$). The second line contains a string $c$ of $n$ lower-case English letters, where $c_i$ is the initial label of the node $i$ for $1 \le i \le n$. Note that the given string $c$ is not the initial string representation of the tree. The $i$ -th of the next $n$ lines contains two integers $l_i$ and $r_i$ ($0 \le l_i, r_i \le n$). If the node $i$ does not have the left child, $l_i = 0$, and if the node $i$ does not have the right child, $r_i = 0$. It is guaranteed that the given input forms a binary tree, rooted at $1$.

Output
Print a single line, containing the lexicographically smallest string representation of the tree if at most $k$ nodes have their labels duplicated.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes