E. Expand the Path

Consider a grid of size $n \times n$. The rows are numbered top to bottom from $1$ to $n$, the columns are numbered left to right from $1$ to $n$.

The robot is positioned in a cell $(1, 1)$. It can perform two types of moves:

The robot is not allowed to move outside the grid.

You are given a sequence of moves $s$ — the initial path of the robot. This path doesn't lead the robot outside the grid.

You are allowed to perform an arbitrary number of modifications to it (possibly, zero). With one modification, you can duplicate one move in the sequence. That is, replace a single occurrence of D with DD or a single occurrence of R with RR.

Count the number of cells such that there exists at least one sequence of modifications that the robot visits this cell on the modified path and doesn't move outside the grid.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of testcases. The first line of each testcase contains the single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 10^8$) — the number of rows and columns in the grid. The second line of each testcase contains a non-empty string $s$, consisting only of characters D and R, — the initial path of the robot. This path doesn't lead the robot outside the grid. The total length of strings $s$ over all testcases doesn't exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each testcase, print a single integer — the number of cells such that there exists at least one sequence of modifications that the robot visits this cell on the modified path and doesn't move outside the grid.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes