D. Traps

There are $n$ traps numbered from $1$ to $n$. You will go through them one by one in order. The $i$ -th trap deals $a_i$ base damage to you.

Instead of going through a trap, you can jump it over. You can jump over no more than $k$ traps. If you jump over a trap, it does not deal any damage to you. But there is an additional rule: if you jump over a trap, all next traps damages increase by $1$ (this is a bonus damage).

Note that if you jump over a trap, you don't get any damage (neither base damage nor bonus damage). Also, the bonus damage stacks so, for example, if you go through a trap $i$ with base damage $a_i$, and you have already jumped over $3$ traps, you get $(a_i + 3)$ damage.

You have to find the minimal damage that it is possible to get if you are allowed to jump over no more than $k$ traps.

Input
The input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 100$) — the number of test cases. Description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $1 \le k \le n$) — the number of traps and the number of jump overs that you are allowed to make. The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — base damage values of all traps. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case output a single integer — the minimal total damage that it is possible to get if you are allowed to jump over no more than $k$ traps.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes