D. Circular Spanning Tree

There are $n$ nodes arranged in a circle numbered from $1$ to $n$ in the clockwise order. You are also given a binary string $s$ of length $n$.

Your task is to construct a tree on the given $n$ nodes satisfying the two conditions below or report that such tree does not exist:

Note that all edges are drawn as straight line segments. For example, edge $(u, v)$ in the tree is drawn as a line segment connecting $u$ and $v$ on the circle.

A tree on $n$ nodes is a connected graph with $n - 1$ edges.

Input
The input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ $(1 \leq t \leq 2\cdot 10^4)$ — the number of test cases. Description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ $(2 \leq n \leq 2\cdot 10^5)$ — the number of nodes. The second line of each test case contains a binary string $s$ of length $n$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2\cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, if there does not exist a tree that satisfies the given conditions, then output " NO " (without quotes), otherwise output " YES " followed by the description of a suitable tree. You can output each letter in any case (for example, " YES ", " Yes ", " yes ", " yEs ", " yEs " will be recognized as a positive answer). If there exists a tree, then output $n - 1$ lines, each containing two integers $u$ and $v$ $(1 \leq u,v \leq n, u \neq v)$ denoting an edge between $u$ and $v$ in the tree. If there are multiple possible answers, output any.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes