D. GCD Guess

This is an interactive problem.

There is a positive integer $1 \le x \le 10^9$ that you have to guess.

In one query you can choose two positive integers $a \neq b$. As an answer to this query you will get $\gcd(x + a, x + b)$, where $\gcd(n, m)$ is the greatest common divisor of the numbers $n$ and $m$.

To guess one hidden number $x$ you are allowed to make no more than $30$ queries.

The hidden number $x$ is fixed before the start of the interaction and does not depend on your queries.

To guess each $x$ you can make no more than $30$ queries in the following way:

For this query you will get $\gcd(x + a, x + b)$.

When you know $x$, print a single line in the following format.

After that continue to solve the next test case.

If you ask more than $30$ queries for one $x$ or make an invalid query, the interactor will terminate immediately and your program will receive verdict Wrong Answer.

After printing each query do not forget to output end of line and flush the output buffer. Otherwise, you will get the Idleness limit exceeded verdict. To do flush use:

Hacks

To use hacks, use the following format of tests:

The first line should contain a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$) — the number of test cases.

The first and only line of each test case should contain a single integer $x$ ($1 \le x \le 10^9$) denoting the integer $x$ that should be guessed.

Input
The first line of input contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$) denoting the number of test cases. The integer $x$ that you have to guess satisfies the constraints: ($1 \le x \le 10^9$).

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes