E. Spanning Tree Queries

You are given a connected weighted undirected graph, consisting of $n$ vertices and $m$ edges.

You are asked $k$ queries about it. Each query consists of a single integer $x$. For each query, you select a spanning tree in the graph. Let the weights of its edges be $w_1, w_2, \dots, w_{n-1}$. The cost of a spanning tree is $\sum \limits_{i=1}^{n-1} |w_i - x|$ (the sum of absolute differences between the weights and $x$). The answer to a query is the lowest cost of a spanning tree.

The queries are given in a compressed format. The first $p$ $(1 \le p \le k)$ queries $q_1, q_2, \dots, q_p$ are provided explicitly. For queries from $p+1$ to $k$, $q_j = (q_{j-1} \cdot a + b) \mod c$.

Print the xor of answers to all queries.

Input
The first line contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($2 \le n \le 50$; $n - 1 \le m \le 300$) — the number of vertices and the number of edges in the graph. Each of the next $m$ lines contains a description of an undirected edge: three integers $v$, $u$ and $w$ ($1 \le v, u \le n$; $v \neq u$; $0 \le w \le 10^8$) — the vertices the edge connects and its weight. Note that there might be multiple edges between a pair of vertices. The edges form a connected graph. The next line contains five integers $p, k, a, b$ and $c$ ($1 \le p \le 10^5$; $p \le k \le 10^7$; $0 \le a, b \le 10^8$; $1 \le c \le 10^8$) — the number of queries provided explicitly, the total number of queries and parameters to generate the queries. The next line contains $p$ integers $q_1, q_2, \dots, q_p$ ($0 \le q_j < c$) — the first $p$ queries.

Output
Print a single integer — the xor of answers to all queries.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes