D. Robot Cleaner Revisit

The statement of this problem shares a lot with problem A. The differences are that in this problem, the probability is introduced, and the constraint is different.

A robot cleaner is placed on the floor of a rectangle room, surrounded by walls. The floor consists of $n$ rows and $m$ columns. The rows of the floor are numbered from $1$ to $n$ from top to bottom, and columns of the floor are numbered from $1$ to $m$ from left to right. The cell on the intersection of the $r$ -th row and the $c$ -th column is denoted as $(r,c)$. The initial position of the robot is $(r_b, c_b)$.

In one second, the robot moves by $dr$ rows and $dc$ columns, that is, after one second, the robot moves from the cell $(r, c)$ to $(r + dr, c + dc)$. Initially $dr = 1$, $dc = 1$. If there is a vertical wall (the left or the right walls) in the movement direction, $dc$ is reflected before the movement, so the new value of $dc$ is $-dc$. And if there is a horizontal wall (the upper or lower walls), $dr$ is reflected before the movement, so the new value of $dr$ is $-dr$.

Each second (including the moment before the robot starts moving), the robot cleans every cell lying in the same row or the same column as its position. There is only one dirty cell at $(r_d, c_d)$. The job of the robot is to clean that dirty cell.

After a lot of testings in problem A, the robot is now broken. It cleans the floor as described above, but at each second the cleaning operation is performed with probability $\frac p {100}$ only, and not performed with probability $1 - \frac p {100}$. The cleaning or not cleaning outcomes are independent each second.

Given the floor size $n$ and $m$, the robot's initial position $(r_b, c_b)$ and the dirty cell's position $(r_d, c_d)$, find the expected time for the robot to do its job.

It can be shown that the answer can be expressed as an irreducible fraction $\frac x y$, where $x$ and $y$ are integers and $y \not \equiv 0 \pmod{10^9 + 7} $. Output the integer equal to $x \cdot y^{-1} \bmod (10^9 + 7)$. In other words, output such an integer $a$ that $0 \le a < 10^9 + 7$ and $a \cdot y \equiv x \pmod {10^9 + 7}$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10$). Description of the test cases follows. A test case consists of only one line, containing $n$, $m$, $r_b$, $c_b$, $r_d$, $c_d$, and $p$ ($4 \le n \cdot m \le 10^5$, $n, m \ge 2$, $1 \le r_b, r_d \le n$, $1 \le c_b, c_d \le m$, $1 \le p \le 99$) — the sizes of the room, the initial position of the robot, the position of the dirt cell and the probability of cleaning in percentage.

Output
For each test case, print a single integer — the expected time for the robot to clean the dirty cell, modulo $10^9 + 7$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes