D. Toss a Coin to Your Graph...

One day Masha was walking in the park and found a graph under a tree... Surprised? Did you think that this problem would have some logical and reasoned story? No way! So, the problem...

Masha has an oriented graph which $i$ -th vertex contains some positive integer $a_i$. Initially Masha can put a coin at some vertex. In one operation she can move a coin placed in some vertex $u$ to any other vertex $v$ such that there is an oriented edge $u \to v$ in the graph. Each time when the coin is placed in some vertex $i$, Masha write down an integer $a_i$ in her notebook (in particular, when Masha initially puts a coin at some vertex, she writes an integer written at this vertex in her notebook). Masha wants to make exactly $k - 1$ operations in such way that the maximum number written in her notebook is as small as possible.

Input
The first line contains three integers $n$, $m$ and $k$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $0 \le m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $1 \le k \le 10^{18}$) — the number of vertices and edges in the graph, and the number of operation that Masha should make. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_i$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the numbers written in graph vertices. Each of the following $m$ lines contains two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \le u \ne v \le n$) — it means that there is an edge $u \to v$ in the graph. It's guaranteed that graph doesn't contain loops and multi-edges.

Output
Print one integer — the minimum value of the maximum number that Masha wrote in her notebook during optimal coin movements. If Masha won't be able to perform $k - 1$ operations, print $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes