D. Equal Binary Subsequences

Everool has a binary string $s$ of length $2n$. Note that a binary string is a string consisting of only characters $0$ and $1$. He wants to partition $s$ into two disjoint equal subsequences. He needs your help to do it.

You are allowed to do the following operation exactly once.

In other words, you can select a sequence of indices $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_m$, where $1 \le b_1 < b_2 < \ldots < b_m \le 2n$. After that you simultaneously set $$s_{b_1} := s_{b_m},$$ $$s_{b_2} := s_{b_1},$$ $$\ldots,$$ $$s_{b_m} := s_{b_{m-1}}.$$

Can you partition $s$ into two disjoint equal subsequences after performing the allowed operation exactly once?

A partition of $s$ into two disjoint equal subsequences $s^p$ and $s^q$ is two increasing arrays of indices $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ and $q_1, q_2, \ldots, q_n$, such that each integer from $1$ to $2n$ is encountered in either $p$ or $q$ exactly once, $s^p = s_{p_1} s_{p_2} \ldots s_{p_n}$, $s^q = s_{q_1} s_{q_2} \ldots s_{q_n}$, and $s^p = s^q$.

If it is not possible to partition after performing any kind of operation, report $-1$.

If it is possible to do the operation and partition $s$ into two disjoint subsequences $s^p$ and $s^q$, such that $s^p = s^q$, print elements of $b$ and indices of $s^p$, i. e. the values $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^5$). Description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^5$), where $2n$ is the length of the binary string. The second line of each test case contains the binary string $s$ of length $2n$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case, follow the following output format. If there is no solution, print $-1$. Otherwise, In the first line, print an integer $m$ ($0 \leq m \leq 2n$), followed by $m$ distinct indices $b_1$, $b_2$,..., $b_m$ (in increasing order). In the second line, print $n$ distinct indices $p_1$, $p_2$,..., $p_n$ (in increasing order). If there are multiple solutions, print any.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes