E. Hanging Hearts

Pak Chanek has $n$ blank heart-shaped cards. Card $1$ is attached directly to the wall while each of the other cards is hanging onto exactly one other card by a piece of string. Specifically, card $i$ ($i \gt 1$) is hanging onto card $p_i$ ($p_i \lt i$).

In the very beginning, Pak Chanek must write one integer number on each card. He does this by choosing any permutation $a$ of $[1, 2, \dots, n]$. Then, the number written on card $i$ is $a_i$.

After that, Pak Chanek must do the following operation $n$ times while maintaining a sequence $s$ (which is initially empty):

After that, Pak Chanek will have a sequence $s$ with $n$ elements. What is the maximum length of the longest non-decreasing subsequence $^\dagger$ of $s$ at the end if Pak Chanek does all the steps optimally?

$^\dagger$ A sequence $b$ is a subsequence of a sequence $c$ if $b$ can be obtained from $c$ by deletion of several (possibly, zero or all) elements. For example, $[3,1]$ is a subsequence of $[3,2,1]$, $[4,3,1]$ and $[3,1]$, but not $[1,3,3,7]$ and $[3,10,4]$.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 10^5$) — the number of heart-shaped cards. The second line contains $n - 1$ integers $p_2, p_3, \dots, p_n$ ($1 \le p_i \lt i$) describing which card that each card hangs onto.

Output
Print a single integer — the maximum length of the longest non-decreasing subsequence of $s$ at the end if Pak Chanek does all the steps optimally.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes