E. Make It Connected

You are given a simple undirected graph consisting of $n$ vertices. The graph doesn't contain self-loops, there is at most one edge between each pair of vertices. Your task is simple: make the graph connected.

You can do the following operation any number of times (possibly zero):

Find the minimum number of operations required to make the graph connected. Also, find any sequence of operations with the minimum length that makes the graph connected.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1\leq t\leq 800$) — the number of test cases. The description of test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2\leq n\leq 4000$) — the number of vertices in the graph. Then $n$ lines follow. The $i$ -th row contains a binary string $s_i$ of length $n$, where $s_{i,j}$ is ' 1 ' if there is an edge between vertex $i$ and $j$ initially, otherwise $s_{i,j}$ is ' 0 '. It is guaranteed that $s_{i,i}$ is always ' 0 ' and $s_{i,j}=s_{j,i}$ for $1\leq i,j\leq n$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $4000$.

Output
For each test case, in the first line, output an integer $m$ — the minimum number of operations required. If $m$ is greater than zero, then print an extra line consisting of $m$ integers — the vertices chosen in the operations in your solution. If there are multiple solutions with the minimum number of operations, print any.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes