E. Bracket Cost

Daemon Targaryen decided to stop looking like a Metin2 character. He turned himself into the most beautiful thing, a bracket sequence.

For a bracket sequence, we can do two kind of operations:

We define the cost of a bracket sequence as the minimum number of such operations to make it balanced $^\ddagger$.

Given a bracket sequence $s$ of length $n$, find the sum of costs across all its $\frac{n(n+1)}{2}$ non-empty substrings. Note that for each substring we calculate the cost independently.

$^\dagger$ A string $a$ is a substring of a string $b$ if $a$ can be obtained from $b$ by deletion of several (possibly, zero or all) characters from the beginning and several (possibly, zero or all) characters from the end.

$^\ddagger$ A sequence of brackets is called balanced if one can turn it into a valid math expression by adding characters $+$ and $1$. For example, sequences " (())() ", " () ", and " (()(())) " are balanced, while ")(", " (() ", and " (()))(" are not.

Input
Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^5$) — the number of test cases. The description of test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the bracket sequence. The second line of each test case contains a string $s$, consisting only of characters ' (' and ') ', of length $n$ — the bracket sequence. It is guaranteed that sum of $n$ across all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, print a single integer — the sum of costs of all substrings of $s$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes