D. GCD Queries

This is an interactive problem.

There is a secret permutation $p$ of $[0,1,2,\ldots,n-1]$. Your task is to find $2$ indices $x$ and $y$ ($1 \leq x, y \leq n$, possibly $x=y$) such that $p_x=0$ or $p_y=0$. In order to find it, you are allowed to ask at most $2n$ queries.

In one query, you give two integers $i$ and $j$ ($1 \leq i, j \leq n$, $i \neq j$) and receive the value of $\gcd(p_i,p_j)^\dagger$.

Note that the permutation $p$ is fixed before any queries are made and does not depend on the queries.

$^\dagger$ $\gcd(x, y)$ denotes the greatest common divisor (GCD) of integers $x$ and $y$. Note that $\gcd(x,0)=\gcd(0,x)=x$ for all positive integers $x$.

The interaction for each test case begins by reading the integer $n$.

To make a query, output " ? $i$ $j$ " ($1 \leq i, j \leq n$, $i \neq j$) without quotes. Afterwards, you should read a single integer — the answer to your query $\gcd(p_i,p_j)$. You can make at most $2n$ such queries in each test case.

If you want to print the answer, output " ! $x$ $y$ " ($1 \leq x, y \leq n$) without quotes. After doing that, read $1$ or $-1$. If $p_x=0$ or $p_y=0$, you'll receive $1$, otherwise you'll receive $-1$. If you receive $-1$, your program must terminate immediately to receive a Wrong Answer verdict. Otherwise, you can get an arbitrary verdict because your solution will continue to read from a closed stream.

If you receive the integer $-1$ instead of an answer or a valid value of $n$, it means your program has made an invalid query, has exceeded the limit of queries, or has given an incorrect answer on the previous test case. Your program must terminate immediately to receive a Wrong Answer verdict. Otherwise, you can get an arbitrary verdict because your solution will continue to read from a closed stream.

After printing a query or the answer, do not forget to output the end of line and flush the output. Otherwise, you will get Idleness limit exceeded. To do this, use:

Hacks

To hack, use the following format.

The first line should contain a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$).

The first line of each test case should contain a single integer $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^4$).

The second line of each test case should contain $n$ space separated integers $p_1,p_2,\ldots,p_n$. $p$ should be a permutation of $[0,1,2,\ldots,n-1]$.

The sum of $n$ should not exceed $2 \cdot 10^4$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^4$). After reading the integer $n$ for each test case, you should begin the interaction. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^4$.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes