D1. Hot Start Up (easy version)

This is an easy version of the problem. The constraints of $t$, $n$, $k$ are the only difference between versions.

You have a device with two CPUs. You also have $k$ programs, numbered $1$ through $k$, that you can run on the CPUs.

The $i$ -th program ($1 \le i \le k$) takes $cold_i$ seconds to run on some CPU. However, if the last program we ran on this CPU was also program $i$, it only takes $hot_i$ seconds ($hot_i \le cold_i$). Note that this only applies if we run program $i$ multiple times consecutively  — if we run program $i$, then some different program, then program $i$ again, it will take $cold_i$ seconds the second time.

You are given a sequence $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ of length $n$, consisting of integers from $1$ to $k$. You need to use your device to run programs $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ in sequence. For all $2 \le i \le n$, you cannot start running program $a_i$ until program $a_{i - 1}$ has completed.

Find the minimum amount of time needed to run all programs $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ in sequence.

Input
Input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$, the number of test cases ($1 \le t \le 5000$). The first line of each test case contains $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le n, k \le 5000$). The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le k$). The third line of each test case contains $k$ integers $cold_1, cold_2, \ldots, cold_k$ ($1 \le cold_i \le 10^9$). The fourth line of each test case contains $k$ integers $hot_1, hot_2, \ldots, hot_k$ ($1 \le hot_i \le cold_i$). It is guaranteed the sum of $n$ and the sum of $k$ over all test cases do not exceed $5000$.

Output
For each test case, print the minimum time needed to run all programs in the given order.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes