E. Text Editor

You wanted to write a text $t$ consisting of $m$ lowercase Latin letters. But instead, you have written a text $s$ consisting of $n$ lowercase Latin letters, and now you want to fix it by obtaining the text $t$ from the text $s$.

Initially, the cursor of your text editor is at the end of the text $s$ (after its last character). In one move, you can do one of the following actions:

Your task is to calculate the minimum number of moves required to obtain the text $t$ from the text $s$ using the given set of actions, or determine it is impossible to obtain the text $t$ from the text $s$.

You have to answer $T$ independent test cases.

Input
The first line of the input contains one integer $T$ ($1 \le T \le 5000$) — the number of test cases. Then $T$ test cases follow. The first line of the test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le m \le n \le 5000$) — the length of $s$ and the length of $t$, respectively. The second line of the test case contains the string $s$ consisting of $n$ lowercase Latin letters. The third line of the test case contains the string $t$ consisting of $m$ lowercase Latin letters. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $5000$ ($\sum n \le 5000$).

Output
For each test case, print one integer — the minimum number of moves required to obtain the text $t$ from the text $s$ using the given set of actions, or -1 if it is impossible to obtain the text $t$ from the text $s$ in the given test case.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes