E. The Harmonization of XOR

You are given an array of exactly $n$ numbers $[1,2,3,\ldots,n]$ along with integers $k$ and $x$.

Partition the array in exactly $k$ non-empty disjoint subsequences such that the bitwise XOR of all numbers in each subsequence is $x$, and each number is in exactly one subsequence. Notice that there are no constraints on the length of each subsequence.

A sequence $a$ is a subsequence of a sequence $b$ if $a$ can be obtained from $b$ by the deletion of several (possibly, zero or all) elements.

For example, for $n = 15$, $k = 6$, $x = 7$, the following scheme is valid:

The following scheme is invalid, since $8$, $15$ do not appear:

The following scheme is invalid, since $3$ appears twice, and $1$, $2$ do not appear:

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The first and the only line of each test case contains three integers $n$, $k$, $x$ ($1 \le k \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$; $1\le x \le 10^9$) — the length of the array, the number of subsequences and the required XOR. It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$ does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, if it is possible to partition the sequence, print " YES " in the first line. In the $i$ -th of the following $k$ lines first print the length $s_i$ of the $i$ -th subsequence, then print $s_i$ integers, representing the elements in the $i$ -th subsequence. If there are multiple answers, print any. Note that you can print a subsequence in any order. If it is not possible to partition the sequence, print " NO ".

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes