E. Graph Cost

You are given an initially empty undirected graph with $n$ nodes, numbered from $1$ to $n$ (i. e. $n$ nodes and $0$ edges). You want to add $m$ edges to the graph, so the graph won't contain any self-loop or multiple edges.

If an edge connecting two nodes $u$ and $v$ is added, its weight must be equal to the greatest common divisor of $u$ and $v$, i. e. $\gcd(u, v)$.

In order to add edges to the graph, you can repeat the following process any number of times (possibly zero):

For example, if you can add $5$ more edges to the graph of weight $6$, you may add them, and it will cost $6$ for the whole pack of $5$ edges. But if you can only add $4$ edges of weight $6$ to the graph, you can't perform this operation for $k = 5$.

Given two integers $n$ and $m$, find the minimum total cost to form a graph of $n$ vertices and exactly $m$ edges using the operation above. If such a graph can't be constructed, output $-1$.

Note that the final graph may consist of several connected components.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$). Description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($2 \leq n \leq 10^6$; $1 \leq m \leq \frac{n(n-1)}{2}$). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$.

Output
For each test case, print the minimum cost to build the graph, or $-1$ if you can't build such a graph.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes