D. Magical Array

Eric has an array $b$ of length $m$, then he generates $n$ additional arrays $c_1, c_2, \dots, c_n$, each of length $m$, from the array $b$, by the following way:

Initially, $c_i = b$ for every $1 \le i \le n$. Eric secretly chooses an integer $k$ $(1 \le k \le n)$ and chooses $c_k$ to be the special array.

There are two operations that Eric can perform on an array $c_t$ :

Note that Eric can't perform an operation if any element of the array will become less than $0$ after that operation.

Now, Eric does the following:

Lastly, Eric discards the array $b$.

For given arrays $c_1, c_2, \dots, c_n$, your task is to find out the special array, i.e. the value $k$. Also, you need to find the number of times of operation $2$ was used on it.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. Description of test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($3 \leq n \leq 10^5$, $7 \leq m \leq 3 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of arrays given to you, and the length of each array. The next $n$ lines contains $m$ integers each, $c_{i,1}, c_{i,2}, \dots, c_{i,m}$. It is guaranteed that each element of the discarded array $b$ is in the range $[0,10^6]$, and therefore $0 \leq c_{i,j} \leq 3 \cdot 10^{11}$ for all possible pairs of $(i,j)$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n \cdot m$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$. It is guaranteed that the input is generated according to the procedure above.

Output
For each test case, output one line containing two integers — the index of the special array, and the number of times that Operation 2 was performed on it. It can be shown that under the constraints given in the problem, this value is unique and won't exceed $10^{18}$, so you can represent it as a $64$ -bit integer. It can also be shown that the index of the special array is uniquely determined. In this problem, hacks are disabled.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes