D. Miriany and Matchstick

Miriany's matchstick is a $2 \times n$ grid that needs to be filled with characters A or B.

He has already filled in the first row of the grid and would like you to fill in the second row. You must do so in a way such that the number of adjacent pairs of cells with different characters $^\dagger$ is equal to $k$. If it is impossible, report so.

$^\dagger$ An adjacent pair of cells with different characters is a pair of cells $(r_1, c_1)$ and $(r_2, c_2)$ ($1 \le r_1, r_2 \le 2$, $1 \le c_1, c_2 \le n$) such that $|r_1 - r_2| + |c_1 - c_2| = 1$ and the characters in $(r_1, c_1)$ and $(r_2, c_2)$ are different.

Input
The first line consists of an integer $t$, the number of test cases ($1 \leq t \leq 1000$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case has two integers, $n$ and $k$ ($1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5, 0 \leq k \leq 3 \cdot n$) – the number of columns of the matchstick, and the number of adjacent pairs of cells with different characters required. The following line contains string $s$ of $n$ characters ($s_i$ is either A or B) – Miriany's top row of the matchstick. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, if there is no way to fill the second row with the number of adjacent pairs of cells with different characters equals $k$, output " NO ". Otherwise, output " YES ". Then, print $n$ characters that a valid bottom row for Miriany's matchstick consists of. If there are several answers, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes