C. The Fox and the Complete Tree Traversal

The fox Yae climbed the tree of the Sacred Sakura. A tree is a connected undirected graph that does not contain cycles.

The fox uses her magical powers to move around the tree. Yae can jump from vertex $v$ to another vertex $u$ if and only if the distance between these vertices does not exceed $2$. In other words, in one jump Yae can jump from vertex $v$ to vertex $u$ if vertices $v$ and $u$ are connected by an edge, or if there exists such vertex $w$ that vertices $v$ and $w$ are connected by an edge, and also vertices $u$ and $w$ are connected by an edge.

After Yae was able to get the sakura petal, she wondered if there was a cyclic route in the tree $v_1, v_2, \ldots, v_n$ such that:

Help the fox determine if the required traversal exists.

Input
The first line contains one integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) —the number of vertices of the tree. Each of the following $n - 1$ lines contains two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n$, $u \ne v$) — vertices connected by an edge. It is guaranteed that these edges form a tree.

Output
On the first line, print " Yes " (without quotes) if the required route of the tree exists, or " No " (without quotes) otherwise. If the required tree traversal exists, on the second line print $n$ integers of different integers $v_1, v_2, \ldots, v_n$ ($1 \le v_i \le n$) — the vertices of the tree in traversal order. If there are several correct traversals, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes