D. Ones and Twos

You are given a $1$ -indexed array $a$ of length $n$ where each element is $1$ or $2$.

Process $q$ queries of the following two types:

$^{\dagger}$ An array $b$ is a subarray of an array $a$ if $b$ can be obtained from $a$ by deletion of several (possibly, zero or all) elements from the beginning and several (possibly, zero or all) elements from the end. In particular, an array is a subarray of itself.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $q$ ($1\le n,q\le 10^5$) — the length of array $a$ and the number of queries. The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_n$ ($a_i$ is $1$ or $2$) — the elements of array $a$. Each of the following $q$ lines of each test case contains some integers. The first integer $\mathrm{op}$ is either $1$ or $2$. If $\mathrm{op}$ is $1$, it is followed by one integer $s$ ($1 \leq s \leq 2n$). If $\mathrm{op}$ is $2$, it is followed by two integers $i$ and $v$ ($1 \leq i \leq n$, $v$ is $1$ or $2$). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ and the sum of $q$ over all test cases both do not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each query with $\mathrm{op}=1$, output " YES " in one line if there exists a subarray of $a$ whose sum is equals to $s$, otherwise output " NO ". You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the strings " yEs ", " yes ", " Yes ", and " YES " will be recognized as positive responses.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes