D. Climbing the Tree

The snails are climbing a tree. The tree height is $h$ meters, and snails start at position $0$.

Each snail has two attributes $a$ and $b$ ($a > b$). Starting from the $1$ -st day, one snail climbs the tree like this: during the daylight hours of the day, he climbs up $a$ meters; during the night, the snail rests, and he slides down $b$ meters. If on the $n$ -th day, the snail reaches position $h$ for the first time (that is, the top of the tree), he will finish climbing, and we say that the snail spends $n$ days climbing the tree. Note that on the last day of climbing, the snail doesn't necessarily climb up $a$ meters, in case his distance to the top is smaller than $a$.

Unfortunately, you don't know the exact tree height $h$ at first, but you know that $h$ is a positive integer. There are $q$ events of two kinds.

You need to deal with all the events in order.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. Then follows their description. The first line of each test case contains one integer $q$ ($1\le q \le 2\cdot 10^5$) — the number of events. For the following $q$ lines, the first integer of each line is either $1$ or $2$, denoting the event type. If the event type is $1$, then three integers $a$, $b$, and $n$ ($1\le a,b,n \le 10^9$, $a>b$) follow. If the event type is $2$, then two integers $a$ and $b$ ($1\le a,b \le 10^9$, $a>b$) follow. It is guaranteed that the sum of $q$ over all test cases does not exceed $2\cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output $q$ integers in one line, one for each event, in order. Specifically, for each event of type $1$, if you adopt the message, output $1$; if you ignore it, output $0$; for each event of type $2$, output an integer denoting the number of days that the snail will spend. If you cannot determine it, output $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes