D. Unique Palindromes

A palindrome is a string that reads the same backwards as forwards. For example, the string abcba is palindrome, while the string abca is not.

Let $p(t)$ be the number of unique palindromic substrings of string $t$, i. e. the number of substrings $t[l \dots r]$ that are palindromes themselves. Even if some substring occurs in $t$ several times, it's counted exactly once. (The whole string $t$ is also counted as a substring of $t$).

For example, string $t$ $=$ abcbbcabcb has $p(t) = 6$ unique palindromic substrings: a, b, c, bb, bcb and cbbc.

Now, let's define $p(s, m) = p(t)$ where $t = s[1 \dots m]$. In other words, $p(s, m)$ is the number of palindromic substrings in the prefix of $s$ of length $m$. For example, $p($ abcbbcabcb $, 5)$ $=$ $p($ abcbb $) = 5$.

You are given an integer $n$ and $k$ "conditions" ($k \le 20$). Let's say that string $s$, consisting of $n$ lowercase Latin letters, is good if all $k$ conditions are satisfied at the same time. A condition is a pair $(x_i, c_i)$ and have the following meaning:

Look in Notes if you need further clarifications.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($3 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$; $1 \le k \le 20$) — length of good string $s$ and number of conditions. The second line of each test case contains $k$ integers $x_1, x_2, \dots, x_k$ ($3 \le x_1 \lt x_2 \lt \dots \lt x_k = n$) where $x_i$ is the length of the prefix in the $i$ -th condition. The third line of each test case contains $k$ integers $c_1, c_2, \dots, c_k$ ($3 \le c_1 \le c_2 \le \dots \le c_k \le \min{\left(10^9, \frac{(n + 1) n}{2} \right)}$) where $c_i$ is the number of palindromic substrings in the $i$ -th condition. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10 ^ 5$.

Output
For each test case, if there is no good string $s$ of length $n$ that satisfies all conditions, print NO. Otherwise, print YES and a string $s$ of length $n$, consisting of lowercase Latin letters, that satisfies all conditions. If there are multiple answers, print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes