C. Between

You are given an integer $n$, as well as $m$ pairs of integers $(a_i,b_i)$, where $1\leq a_i, b_i \leq n$, $a_i \ne b_i$.

You want to construct a sequence satisfying the following requirements:

Sometimes, it is possible that such a sequence can be arbitrarily long, in which case you should output " INFINITE ". Otherwise, you should output " FINITE " and the sequence itself. If there are multiple possible constructions that yield the maximum length, output any.

Input
Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 300$) — the number of test cases. The description of test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n \le 1500$, $0 \le m \le 5000$) — the maximum possible value of the element of the sequence and the number of pairs. The $i$ -th of the next $m$ lines contain two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$ ($1 \le a_i, b_i \le n$, $a_i \ne b_i$). $(a_i, b_i) \ne (a_j, b_j)$ for all $1 \le i < j \le m$. It is guaranteed that sum of $n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $1500$ and the sum of $m$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $5000$.

Output
For each test case, on the first line output " INFINITE " if the sequence can be arbitrarily long, and " FINITE " otherwise. If you have outputted " FINITE ", then your output should be followed by $2$ lines. The first line contains an integer $s$, the maximum length of the sequence. The second line contains $s$ integers, each are between $1$ and $n$ inclusive, representing the elements of the sequence. If there are multiple sequences with the maximum length, output any of them. It can be shown that, for all test cases with answer " FINITE ", then under the constraints, the maximum possible sum of sequence lengths of those test cases does not exceed $2\cdot10^6$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes