D. Ball Sorting

There are $n$ colorful balls arranged in a row. The balls are painted in $n$ distinct colors, denoted by numbers from $1$ to $n$. The $i$ -th ball from the left is painted in color $c_i$. You want to reorder the balls so that the $i$ -th ball from the left has color $i$. Additionally, you have $k \ge 1$ balls of color $0$ that you can use in the reordering process.

Due to the strange properties of the balls, they can be reordered only by performing the following operations:

You can perform these operations in any order. After the last operation, all balls of color $0$ magically disappear, leaving a sequence of $n$ balls of non-zero colors.

What is the minimum amount of coins you should spend on the operations of the second type, so that the $i$ -th ball from the left has color $i$ for all $i$ from $1$ to $n$ after the disappearance of all balls of color zero ? It can be shown that under the constraints of the problem, it is always possible to reorder the balls in the required way.

Solve the problem for all $k$ from $1$ to $n$.

Input
The first line contains integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 500$) — the number of test cases. The descriptions of the test cases follow. The first line contains one integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 500$) — the number of balls. The second line contains $n$ distinct integers $c_1, c_2, \ldots, c_n$ ($1 \le c_i \le n$) — the colors of balls from left to right. It is guaranteed that sum of $n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $500$.

Output
For each test case, output $n$ integers: the $i$ -th ($1 \le i \le n$) of them should be equal to the minimum amount of coins you need to spend in order to reorder balls in the required way for $k = i$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes