D. Fixing a Binary String

You are given a binary string $s$ of length $n$, consisting of zeros and ones. You can perform the following operation exactly once :

For example, if you apply the operation to the string 110001100110 with $p=3$, after the second step, the string will become 011 001100110, and after the third step, it will become 001100110 011.

A string $s$ is called $k$ -proper if two conditions are met:

For example, with $k=3$, the strings 000, 111000111, and 111000 are $k$ -proper, while the strings 000000, 001100, and 1110000 are not.

You are given an integer $k$, which is a divisor of $n$. Find an integer $p$ ($1 \le p \le n$) such that after performing the operation, the string $s$ becomes $k$ -proper, or determine that it is impossible. Note that if the string is initially $k$ -proper, you still need to apply exactly one operation to it.

Input
Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le k \le n$, $2 \le n \le 10^5$) — the length of the string $s$ and the value of $k$. It is guaranteed that $k$ is a divisor of $n$. The second line of each test case contains a binary string $s$ of length $n$, consisting of the characters 0 and 1. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer — the value of $p$ to make the string $k$ -proper, or $-1$ if it is impossible. If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes