E. Distance Learning Courses in MAC

The New Year has arrived in the Master's Assistance Center, which means it's time to introduce a new feature!

Now students are given distance learning courses, with a total of $n$ courses available. For the $i$ -th distance learning course, a student can receive a grade ranging from $x_i$ to $y_i$.

However, not all courses may be available to each student. Specifically, the $j$ -th student is only given courses with numbers from $l_j$ to $r_j$, meaning the distance learning courses with numbers $l_j, l_j + 1, \ldots, r_j$.

The creators of the distance learning courses have decided to determine the final grade in a special way. Let the $j$ -th student receive grades $c_{l_j}, c_{l_j + 1}, \ldots, c_{r_j}$ for their distance learning courses. Then their final grade will be equal to $c_{l_j}$ $|$ $c_{l_j + 1}$ $|$ $\ldots$ $|$ $c_{r_j}$, where $|$ denotes the bitwise OR operation.

Since the chatbot for solving distance learning courses is broken, the students have asked for your help. For each of the $q$ students, tell them the maximum final grade they can achieve.

Input
Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 2 \cdot 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of distance learning courses. Each of the following $n$ lines contains two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ ($0 \le x_i \le y_i < 2^{30}$) — the minimum and maximum grade that can be received for the $i$ -th course. The next line contains a single integer $q$ ($1 \le q \le 2\cdot10^5$) — the number of students. Each of the following $q$ lines contains two integers $l_j$ and $r_j$ ($1 \le l_j \le r_j \le n$) — the minimum and maximum course numbers accessible to the $j$ -th student. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases and the sum of $q$ over all test cases do not exceed $2\cdot10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output $q$ integers, where the $j$ -th integer is the maximum final grade that the $j$ -th student can achieve.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes