E. Manhattan Triangle

The Manhattan distance between two points $(x_1, y_1)$ and $(x_2, y_2)$ is defined as: $$|x_1 - x_2| + |y_1 - y_2|.$$

We call a Manhattan triangle three points on the plane, the Manhattan distances between each pair of which are equal.

You are given a set of pairwise distinct points and an even integer $d$. Your task is to find any Manhattan triangle, composed of three distinct points from the given set, where the Manhattan distance between any pair of vertices is equal to $d$.

Input
Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $d$ ($3 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $2 \le d \le 4 \cdot 10^5$, $d$ is even) — the number of points and the required Manhattan distance between the vertices of the triangle. The $(i + 1)$ -th line of each test case contains two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ ($-10^5 \le x_i, y_i \le 10^5$) — the coordinates of the $i$ -th point. It is guaranteed that all points are pairwise distinct. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output three distinct integers $i$, $j$, and $k$ ($1 \le i,j,k \le n$) — the indices of the points forming the Manhattan triangle. If there is no solution, output " $0\ 0\ 0$ " (without quotes). If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes