E. Xor-Grid Problem

Given a matrix $a$ of size $n \times m$, each cell of which contains a non-negative integer. The integer lying at the intersection of the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column of the matrix is called $a_{i,j}$.

Let's define $f(i)$ and $g(j)$ as the XOR of all integers in the $i$ -th row and the $j$ -th column, respectively. In one operation, you can either:

In this example, as we apply an operation on column $2$, all elements in this column are changed:

You can apply the operations any number of times. Then, we calculate the $\textit{beauty}$ of the final matrix by summing the absolute differences between all pairs of its adjacent cells.

More formally, $\textit{beauty}(a) = \sum|a_{x,y} - a_{r,c}|$ for all cells $(x, y)$ and $(r, c)$ if they are adjacent. Two cells are considered adjacent if they share a side.

Find the minimum $\textit{beauty}$ among all obtainable matrices.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 250$) — the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n, m \le 15$) — the number of rows and columns of $a$, respectively. The next $n$ lines, each containing $m$ integers $a_{i,1}, a_{i,2}, \ldots, a_{i,m}$ ($0 \le a_{i,j} < 2^{20}$) — description of the matrix $a$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $(n^2 + m^2)$ over all test cases does not exceed $500$.

Output
For each test case, print a single integer $b$ — the smallest possible $\textit{beauty}$ of the matrix.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes