E. Wonderful Tree!

You are given a tree with $n$ vertices, rooted at vertex $1$. The $i$ -th vertex has an integer $a_i$ written on it.

Let $L$ be the set of all direct children $^{\text{∗}}$ of $v$. A tree is called wonderful, if for all vertices $v$ where $L$ is not empty, $$a_v \le \sum_{u \in L}{a_u}.$$ In one operation, you choose any vertex $v$ and increase $a_v$ by $1$.

Find the minimum number of operations needed to make the given tree wonderful !

$^{\text{∗}}$ Vertex $u$ is called a direct child of vertex $v$ if:

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line of input contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 5000$) — the number of vertices in the tree. The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($0 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the values initially written on the vertices. The third line of each test case contains $n - 1$ integers $p_2, p_3, \ldots, p_n$ ($1 \le p_i \lt i$), indicating that there is an edge from vertex $p_i$ to vertex $i$. It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $5000$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer — the minimum number of operations needed to make the tree wonderful.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes