C. Delivering Carcinogen

Qwerty the Ranger arrived to the Diatar system with a very important task. He should deliver a special carcinogen for scientific research to planet Persephone. This is urgent, so Qwerty has to get to the planet as soon as possible. A lost day may fail negotiations as nobody is going to pay for an overdue carcinogen.

You can consider Qwerty's ship, the planet Persephone and the star Diatar points on a plane. Diatar is located in the origin of coordinate axes — at point (0, 0). Persephone goes round Diatar along a circular orbit with radius R in the counter-clockwise direction at constant linear speed v p (thus, for instance, a full circle around the star takes of time). At the initial moment of time Persephone is located at point (x p, y p).

At the initial moment of time Qwerty's ship is at point (x, y). Qwerty can move in any direction at speed of at most v (v > v p). The star Diatar is hot (as all stars), so Qwerty can't get too close to it. The ship's metal sheathing melts at distance r (r < R) from the star.

Find the minimum time Qwerty needs to get the carcinogen to planet Persephone.

Input
The first line contains space-separated integers x p, y p and v p (- 10 4 ≤ x p, y p ≤ 10 4, 1 ≤ v p < 10 4) — Persephone's initial position and the speed at which it goes round Diatar. The second line contains space-separated integers x, y, v and r (- 10 4 ≤ x, y ≤ 10 4, 1 < v ≤ 10 4, 1 ≤ r ≤ 10 4) — The intial position of Qwerty's ship, its maximum speed and the minimum safe distance to star Diatar. It is guaranteed that r 2 < x 2 + y 2, r 2 < x p 2 + y p 2 and v p < v.

Output
Print a single real number — the minimum possible delivery time. The answer will be considered valid if its absolute or relative error does not exceed 10 - 6.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes