E. Transitive Graph

You are given a directed graph $G$ with $n$ vertices and $m$ edges between them.

Initially, graph $H$ is the same as graph $G$. Then you decided to perform the following actions:

Note that the number of edges in $H$ can be up to $n^2$ after performing the actions.

You also wrote some values on vertices of graph $H$. More precisely, vertex $i$ has the value of $a_i$ written on it.

Consider a simple path consisting of $k$ distinct vertices with indexes $v_1, v_2, \ldots, v_k$. The length of such a path is $k$. The value of that path is defined as $\sum_{i = 1}^k a_{v_i}$.

A simple path is considered the longest if there is no other simple path in the graph with greater length.

Among all the longest simple paths in $H$, find the one with the smallest value.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n,m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of vertices and the number of edges. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($0 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the numbers written on the vertices of graph $H$. The $i$ -th of the next $m$ lines contains two integers $v_i$ and $u_i$ ($1 \le v_i, u_i \le n$) — meaning that there is an edge going from vertex $v_i$ to vertex $u_i$ in graph $G$. Note that edges are directed. Also note that the graph may have self-loops and multiple edges. It is guaranteed that neither the sum of $n$ nor the sum of $m$ over all test cases exceeds $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output two numbers — the length of the longest simple path in $H$ and the minimal possible value of such path.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes