E. Multiple Lamps

You have $n$ lamps, numbered from $1$ to $n$. Initially, all the lamps are turned off.

You also have $n$ buttons. The $i$ -th button toggles all the lamps whose index is a multiple of $i$. When a lamp is toggled, if it was off it turns on, and if it was on it turns off.

You have to press some buttons according to the following rules.

You don't want to waste too much electricity. Find a way to press buttons such that at the end at most $\lfloor n/5 \rfloor$ lamps are on, or print $-1$ if it is impossible.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$, $0 \leq m \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of lamps and the number of pairs, respectively. Each of the next $m$ lines contains two integers $u_i$, $v_i$ ($1 \leq u_i, v_i \leq n$, $u_i \neq v_i$). If you press the button $u_i$, you also have to press the button $v_i$. It is guaranteed that the pairs $(u_i, v_i)$ are distinct. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ and the sum of $m$ over all test cases do not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case: If there is no choice of buttons that makes at most $\lfloor n/5 \rfloor$ lamps on at the end, output a single line containing $-1$. Otherwise, output two lines. The first line should contain an integer $k$ ($1 \le k \le n$) — the number of pressed buttons. The second line should contain $k$ integers $b_1, b_2, \dots, b_k$ ($1 \le b_i \le n$) — the indices of the pressed buttons (in any order). The $b_i$ must be distinct, and at the end at most $\lfloor n/5 \rfloor$ lamps must be turned on.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes