E. Girl Permutation

Some permutation of length $n$ is guessed.

You are given the indices of its prefix maximums and suffix maximums.

Recall that a permutation of length $k$ is an array of size $k$ such that each integer from $1$ to $k$ occurs exactly once.

Prefix maximums are the elements that are the maximum on the prefix ending at that element. More formally, the element $a_i$ is a prefix maximum if $a_i \gt a_j$ for every $j \lt i$.

Similarly, suffix maximums are defined, the element $a_i$ is a suffix maximum if $a_i \gt a_j$ for every $j \gt i$.

You need to output the number of different permutations that could have been guessed.

As this number can be very large, output the answer modulo $10^9 + 7$.

Input
Each test consists of several test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. Then follows the description of the test cases. The first line of each test case contains three integers $n, m_1$ and $m_2$ ($1 \le m_1, m_2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the permutation, the number of prefix maximums, and the number of suffix maximums, respectively. The second line of each test case contains $m_1$ integers $p_1 \lt p_2 \lt \ldots \lt p_{m_1}$ ($1 \le p_i \le n$) — the indices of the prefix maximums in increasing order. The third line of each test case contains $m_2$ integers $s_1 \lt s_2 \lt \ldots \lt s_{m_2}$ ($1 \le s_i \le n$) — the indices of the suffix maximums in increasing order. It is guaranteed that the sum of the values of $n$ for all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer on a separate line — the number of suitable permutations modulo $10^9 + 7$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes