D. Missing Subarray Sum

There is a hidden array $a$ of $n$ positive integers. You know that $a$ is a palindrome, or in other words, for all $1 \le i \le n$, $a_i = a_{n + 1 - i}$. You are given the sums of all but one of its distinct subarrays, in arbitrary order. The subarray whose sum is not given can be any of the $\frac{n(n+1)}{2}$ distinct subarrays of $a$.

Recover any possible palindrome $a$. The input is chosen such that there is always at least one array $a$ that satisfies the conditions.

An array $b$ is a subarray of $a$ if $b$ can be obtained from $a$ by the deletion of several (possibly, zero or all) elements from the beginning and several (possibly, zero or all) elements from the end.

Input
The first line of the input contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 200$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($3 \le n \le 1000$) — the size of the array $a$. The next line of each test case contains $\frac{n(n+1)}{2} - 1$ integers $s_i$ ($1\leq s_i \leq 10^9$) — all but one of the subarray sums of $a$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $1000$. Additional constraint on the input: There is always at least one valid solution. Hacks are disabled for this problem.

Output
For each test case, print one line containing $n$ positive integers $a_1, a_2, \cdots a_n$ — any valid array $a$. Note that $a$ must be a palindrome. If there are multiple solutions, print any.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes