E. Serval and Modulo

There is an array $a$ consisting of $n$ non-negative integers and a magic number $k$ ($k\ge 1$, $k$ is an integer). Serval has constructed another array $b$ of length $n$, where $b_i = a_i \bmod k$ holds $^{\text{∗}}$ for all $1\leq i\leq n$. Then, he shuffled $b$.

You are given the two arrays $a$ and $b$. Find a possible magic number $k$. However, there is a small possibility that Serval fooled you, and such an integer does not exist. In this case, output $-1$.

It can be shown that, under the constraints of the problem, if such an integer $k$ exists, then there exists a valid answer no more than $10^9$. And you need to guarantee that $k\le 10^9$ in your output.

$^{\text{∗}}$ $a_i \bmod k$ denotes the remainder from dividing $a_i$ by $k$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($1\leq n\leq 10^4$) — the length of the array $a$. The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($0\leq a_i\leq 10^6$) — the elements of the array $a$. The third line contains $n$ integers $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ ($0\leq b_i\leq 10^6$) — the elements of the array $b$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^4$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer $k$ ($1\leq k\leq 10^9$) — the magic number you found. Print $-1$ if it is impossible to find such an integer. If there are multiple answers, you may print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes