E. Mycraft Sand Sort

Steve has a permutation $^{\text{∗}}$ $p$ and an array $c$, both of length $n$. Steve wishes to sort the permutation $p$.

Steve has an infinite supply of coloured sand blocks, and using them he discovered a physics-based way to sort an array of numbers called gravity sort. Namely, to perform gravity sort on $p$, Steve will do the following:

Alex looks at Steve's sand blocks after performing gravity sort and wonders how many pairs of arrays $(p',c')$ where $p'$ is a permutation would have resulted in the same layout of sand. Note that the original pair of arrays $(p, c)$ will always be counted.

Please calculate this for Alex. As this number could be large, output it modulo $998\,244\,353$.

$^{\text{∗}}$ A permutation of length $n$ is an array consisting of $n$ distinct integers from $1$ to $n$ in arbitrary order. For example, $[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but $[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation ($2$ appears twice in the array), and $[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation ($n=3$ but there is a $4$ in the array).

Input
The first line contains an integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The first line of each testcase contains an integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the lengths of the arrays. The second line of each testcase contains $n$ distinct integers $p_1,p_2,\ldots,p_n$ ($1 \le p_i \le n$) — the elements of $p$. The following line contains $n$ integers $c_1,c_2,\ldots,c_n$ ($1 \le c_i \le n$) — the elements of $c$. The sum of $n$ across all testcases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each testcase, output the number of pairs of arrays $(p', c')$ Steve could have started with, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes