D2. DFS Checker (Hard Version)

This is the hard version of the problem. In this version, you are given a generic tree and the constraints on $n$ and $q$ are higher. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

You are given a rooted tree consisting of $n$ vertices. The vertices are numbered from $1$ to $n$, and the root is the vertex $1$. You are also given a permutation $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ of $[1,2,\ldots,n]$.

You need to answer $q$ queries. For each query, you are given two integers $x$, $y$; you need to swap $p_x$ and $p_y$ and determine if $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ is a valid DFS order $^\dagger$ of the given tree.

Please note that the swaps are persistent through queries.

$^\dagger$ A DFS order is found by calling the following $\texttt{dfs}$ function on the given tree.

Note that the DFS order is not unique.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1\le t\le10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$, $q$ ($2\le n\le 3\cdot 10^5$, $2\le q\le 10^5$) — the number of vertices in the tree and the number of queries. The next line contains $n-1$ integers $a_2,a_3,\ldots,a_n$ ($1\le a_i \lt i$) — the parent of each vertex in the given tree. The next line contains $n$ integers $p_1,p_2,\ldots,p_n$ ($1\le p_i\le n$, all $p_i$ are distinct) — the initial permutation $p$. The next $q$ lines each contain two integers $x$, $y$ ($1\le x,y\le n,x\neq y$) — the positions of the elements to swap in the permutation. It is guaranteed that the sum of all $n$ does not exceed $3\cdot 10^5$, and the sum of all $q$ does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case, print $q$ lines corresponding to the $q$ queries. For each query, output $\texttt{YES}$ if there is a DFS order that exactly equals the current permutation, and output $\texttt{NO}$ otherwise. You can output $\texttt{Yes}$ and $\texttt{No}$ in any case (for example, strings $\texttt{yEs}$, $\texttt{yes}$, $\texttt{Yes}$, and $\texttt{YES}$ will be recognized as a positive response).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes