E2. Deterministic Heap (Hard Version)

This is the hard version of the problem. The difference between the two versions is the definition of deterministic max-heap, time limit, and constraints on $n$ and $t$. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

Consider a perfect binary tree with size $2^n - 1$, with nodes numbered from $1$ to $2^n-1$ and rooted at $1$. For each vertex $v$ ($1 \le v \le 2^{n - 1} - 1$), vertex $2v$ is its left child and vertex $2v + 1$ is its right child. Each node $v$ also has a value $a_v$ assigned to it.

Define the operation $\mathrm{pop}$ as follows:

Then we say the $\mathrm{pop}$ operation is deterministic if there is a unique way to do such operation. In other words, $a_{2v} \neq a_{2v + 1}$ would hold whenever choosing between them.

A binary tree is called a max-heap if for every vertex $v$ ($1 \le v \le 2^{n - 1} - 1$), both $a_v \ge a_{2v}$ and $a_v \ge a_{2v + 1}$ hold.

A max-heap is deterministic if the $\mathrm{pop}$ operation is deterministic to the heap when we do it for the first and the second time.

Initially, $a_v := 0$ for every vertex $v$ ($1 \le v \le 2^n - 1$), and your goal is to count the number of different deterministic max-heaps produced by applying the following operation $\mathrm{add}$ exactly $k$ times:

Two heaps are considered different if there is a node which has different values in the heaps.

Since the answer might be large, print it modulo $p$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 50$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains three integers $n, k, p$ ($2 \le n \le 100$, $1 \le k \le 500$, $10^8 \le p \le 10^9$, $p$ is a prime). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ does not exceed $100$ and the sum of $k$ over all test cases does not exceed $500$.

Output
For each test case, output a single line containing an integer: the number of different deterministic max-heaps produced by applying the aforementioned operation $\mathrm{add}$ exactly $k$ times, modulo $p$.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes