E. Triangle Tree

You are given a rooted tree $^{\text{∗}}$ containing $n$ vertices rooted at vertex $1$. A pair of vertices $(u,v)$ is called a good pair if $u$ is not an ancestor $^{\text{†}}$ of $v$ and $v$ is not an ancestor of $u$. For any two vertices, $\text{dist}(u,v)$ is defined as the number of edges on the unique simple path from $u$ to $v$, and $\text{lca}(u,v)$ is defined as their lowest common ancestor.

A function $f(u,v)$ is defined as follows.

You need to find the following value: $$\sum_{i = 1}^{n-1} \sum_{j = i+1}^n f(i,j).$$

$^{\text{∗}}$ A tree is a connected graph without cycles. A rooted tree is a tree where one vertex is special and called the root.

$^{\text{†}}$ An ancestor of vertex $v$ is any vertex on the simple path from $v$ to the root, including the root, but not including $v$. The root has no ancestors.

$^{\text{‡}}$ A triangle with side lengths $a$, $b$, $c$ is non-degenerate when $a+b \gt c$, $a+c \gt b$, $b+c \gt a$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 3 \cdot 10^5$). Each of the next $n-1$ lines contains two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$, denoting the two vertices connected by an edge ($1 \le u_i,v_i \le n$, $u_i \neq v_i$). It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $3 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output the answer on a separate line.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes