E. Tractor College

While most students still sit their exams, the tractor college has completed the summer exam session. In fact, students study only one subject at this college — the Art of Operating a Tractor. Therefore, at the end of a term a student gets only one mark, a three (satisfactory), a four (good) or a five (excellent). Those who score lower marks are unfortunately expelled.

The college has n students, and oddly enough, each of them can be on scholarship. The size of the scholarships varies each term. Since the end-of-the-term exam has just ended, it's time to determine the size of the scholarship to the end of next term.

The monthly budget for the scholarships of the Tractor college is s rubles. To distribute the budget optimally, you must follow these rules:

Given the results of the exam, and the budget size s, you have to find the optimal distribution of the scholarship.

Input
The first line has two integers n, s (3 ≤ n ≤ 300, 1 ≤ s ≤ 3·10 5) — the number of students and the budget size for the scholarship, respectively. The second line contains n integers, where the i -th number represents the mark that the i -th student got for the exam. It is guaranteed that at each mark was given to at least one student.

Output
On a single line print three integers k 3, k 4 and k 5 — the sought values that represent the optimal distribution of the scholarships. If there are multiple optimal answers, print any of them. If there is no answer, print -1.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes