D. Genokraken

This is an interactive problem.

Upon clearing the Waterside Area, Gretel has found a monster named Genokraken, and she's keeping it contained for her scientific studies.

The monster's nerve system can be structured as a tree $^{\dagger}$ of $n$ nodes (really, everything should stop resembling trees all the time $\ldots$), numbered from $0$ to $n-1$, with node $0$ as the root.

Gretel's objective is to learn the exact structure of the monster's nerve system — more specifically, she wants to know the values $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_{n-1}$ of the tree, where $p_i$ ($0 \le p_i \lt i$) is the direct parent node of node $i$ ($1 \le i \le n - 1$).

She doesn't know exactly how the nodes are placed, but she knows a few convenient facts:

Gretel can make queries to the containment cell:

However, to avoid unexpected consequences by overstimulating the creature, Gretel wants to query at most $2n - 6$ times. Though Gretel is gifted, she can't do everything all at once, so can you give her a helping hand?

$^{\dagger}$ A tree is a connected graph where every pair of distinct nodes has exactly one simple path connecting them.

$^{\ddagger}$ A path is a tree whose vertices can be listed in the order $v_1, v_2, \ldots, v_k$ such that the edges are $(v_i, v_{i+1})$ ($1 \le i \lt k$).

For each test case, interaction starts by reading the integer $n$.

Then you can make queries of the following type:

After the query, read an integer $r$ — the answer to your query. You are allowed to use at most $2n - 6$ queries of this type.

When you find out the structure, output a line in the format " ! $p_1 \space p_2 \ldots p_{n-1}$ " (without quotes), where $p_i$ ($0 \le p_i \lt i$) denotes the index of the direct parent of node $i$. This query is not counted towards the $2n - 6$ queries limit.

After solving one test case, the program should immediately move on to the next one. After solving all test cases, the program should be terminated immediately.

After printing any query do not forget to output an end of line and flush the output buffer. Otherwise, you will get Idleness limit exceeded. To do this, use:

The interactor is non-adaptive. The tree does not change during the interaction.

Hacks

For hack, use the following format:

The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 500$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($4 \le n \le 10^4$) — the number of nodes in Genokraken's nerve system.

The second line of each test case contains $n-1$ integers $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_{n-1}$ ($0 \le p_1 \le p_2 \le \ldots \le p_{n-1} \le n - 2$, $0 \le p_i \lt i$) — the direct parents of node $1$, $2$,..., $n-1$ in the system, respectively.

In each test case, the values $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_{n-1}$ must ensure the following in the tree:

The sum of $n$ over all test cases must not exceed $10^4$.

Input
Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 500$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($4 \le n \le 10^4$) — the number of nodes in Genokraken's nerve system. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^4$.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes