D. QED's Favorite Permutation

QED is given a permutation $^{\text{∗}}$ $p$ of length $n$. He also has a string $s$ of length $n$ containing only characters $\texttt{L}$ and $\texttt{R}$. QED only likes permutations that are sorted in non-decreasing order. To sort $p$, he can select any of the following operations and perform them any number of times:

He is also given $q$ queries. In each query, he selects an index $i$ and changes $s_i$ from $\texttt{L}$ to $\texttt{R}$ (or from $\texttt{R}$ to $\texttt{L}$). Note that the changes are persistent.

After each query, he asks you if it is possible to sort $p$ in non-decreasing order by performing the aforementioned operations any number of times. Note that before answering each query, the permutation $p$ is reset to its original form.

$^{\text{∗}}$ A permutation of length $n$ is an array consisting of $n$ distinct integers from $1$ to $n$ in arbitrary order. For example, $[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but $[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation ($2$ appears twice in the array), and $[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation ($n=3$ but there is $4$ in the array).

Input
The first line contains $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $q$ ($3 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$, $1 \leq q \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$) – the length of the permutation and the number of queries. The following line contains $n$ integers $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ ($1 \leq p_i \leq n$, $p$ is a permutation). The following line contains $n$ characters $s_1s_2 \ldots s_n$. It is guaranteed that $s_i$ is either $\texttt{L}$ or $\texttt{R}$, $s_1 = \texttt{R}$, and $s_n = \texttt{L}$. The following $q$ lines contain an integer $i$ ($2 \leq i \leq n-1$), denoting that $s_i$ is changed from $\texttt{L}$ to $\texttt{R}$ (or from $\texttt{R}$ to $\texttt{L}$). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ and $q$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each query, output " YES " (without quotes) if it is possible, and " NO " (without quotes) otherwise. You can output " YES " and " NO " in any case (for example, strings " yES ", " yes " and " Yes " will be recognized as a positive response).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes