D1. The Endspeaker (Easy Version)

This is the easy version of this problem. The only difference is that you only need to output the minimum total cost of operations in this version. You must solve both versions to be able to hack.

You're given an array $a$ of length $n$, and an array $b$ of length $m$ ($b_i > b_{i+1}$ for all $1 \le i < m$). Initially, the value of $k$ is $1$. Your aim is to make the array $a$ empty by performing one of these two operations repeatedly:

You need to minimize the total cost of the operations to make array $a$ empty. If it's impossible to do this through any sequence of operations, output $-1$. Otherwise, output the minimum total cost of the operations.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n, m \le 3 \cdot 10^5$, $\boldsymbol{1 \le n \cdot m \le 3 \cdot 10^5}$). The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$). The third line of each test case contains $m$ integers $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_m$ ($1 \le b_i \le 10^9$). It is also guaranteed that $b_i > b_{i+1}$ for all $1 \le i < m$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $\boldsymbol{n \cdot m}$ over all test cases does not exceed $3 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, if it's possible to make $a$ empty, then output the minimum total cost of the operations. If there is no possible sequence of operations which makes $a$ empty, then output a single integer $-1$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes