D. Eating

There are $n$ slimes on a line, the $i$ -th of which has weight $w_i$. Slime $i$ is able to eat another slime $j$ if $w_i \geq w_j$; afterwards, slime $j$ disappears and the weight of slime $i$ becomes $w_i \oplus w_j$ $^{\text{∗}}$.

The King of Slimes wants to run an experiment with parameter $x$ as follows:

The King of Slimes is going to ask you $q$ queries. In each query, you will be given an integer $x$, and you need to determine the score of the experiment with parameter $x$.

Note that the King does not want you to actually perform each experiment; his slimes would die, which is not ideal. He is only asking what the hypothetical score is; in other words, the queries are not persistent.

$^{\text{∗}}$ Here $\oplus$ denotes the bitwise XOR operation.

Input
The first line contains an integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains integers $n$ and $q$ ($1 \le n, q \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of slimes and the number of queries, respectively. The following line contains $n$ integers $w_1,w_2,\ldots,w_n$ ($1 \le w_i \lt 2^{30}$) — the weights of the slimes. The following $q$ lines contain a single integer $x$ ($ 1 \le x \lt 2^{30}$) — the parameter for the experiment. The sum of $n$ does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$ and the sum of $q$ does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$ across all test cases.

Output
For each query, output a single integer — the score of the experiment.

Constraints
time limit per test 5 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes