D. Graph and Graph

You are given two connected undirected graphs with the same number of vertices. In both graphs, there is a token located at some vertex. In the first graph, the token is initially at vertex $s_1$, and in the second graph, the token is initially at vertex $s_2$. The following operation is repeated an infinite number of times:

Determine the minimum possible total cost of all operations or report that this value will be infinitely large.

Input
Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 500$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains three integers $n$, $s_1$, and $s_2$ ($2 \le n \le 1000$, $1 \le s_1, s_2 \le n$) — the number of vertices in each graph, the number of the vertex in the first graph where the token is initially located, and the number of the vertex in the second graph where the token is initially located. The second line of each test case contains one integer $m_1$ ($1 \le m_1 \le 1000$) — the number of edges in the first graph. The $i$ -th of the following $m_1$ lines contains two integers $a_i$ and $b_i$ ($1 \le a_i, b_i \le n$, $a_i \ne b_i$) — the numbers of the endpoints of the $i$ -th edge in the first graph. The next line of each test case contains one integer $m_2$ ($1 \le m_2 \le 1000$) — the number of edges in the second graph. The $j$ -th of the following $m_2$ lines contains two integers $c_j$ and $d_j$ ($1 \le c_j, d_j \le n$, $c_j \ne d_j$) — the numbers of the endpoints of the $j$ -th edge in the second graph. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$, the sum of $m_1$, and the sum of $m_2$ over all test cases do not exceed $1000$. It is guaranteed that both graphs are connected.

Output
For each test case, output one integer — the minimum total cost of all operations or $-1$, if this value will be infinitely large.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes