E. Nested Segments

A set $A$ consisting of pairwise distinct segments $[l, r]$ with integer endpoints is called good if $1\le l\le r\le n$, and for any pair of distinct segments $[l_i, r_i], [l_j, r_j]$ in $A$, exactly one of the following conditions holds:

You are given a good set $S$ consisting of $m$ pairwise distinct segments $[l_i, r_i]$ with integer endpoints. You want to add as many additional segments to the set $S$ as possible while ensuring that set $S$ remains good.

Since this task is too easy, you need to determine the number of different ways to add the maximum number of additional segments to $S$, ensuring that the set remains good. Two ways are considered different if there exists a segment that is being added in one of the ways, but not in the other.

Formally, you need to find the number of good sets $T$ of distinct segments, such that $S$ is a subset of $T$ and $T$ has the maximum possible size. Since the result might be very large, compute the answer modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $0 \le m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the maximum right endpoint of the segments, and the size of $S$. The $i$ -th of the next $m$ lines contains two integers $l_i$ and $r_i$ ($1 \le l_i \le r_i \le n$) — the boundaries of the segments in set $S$. It is guaranteed that the given set $S$ is good, and the segments in set $S$ are pairwise distinct. It is guaranteed that both the sum of $n$ and the sum of $m$ over all test cases do not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer representing the number of different ways, modulo $998\,244\,353$, that you can add the maximum number of additional segments to set $S$ while ensuring that set $S$ remains good.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes