D. Recommendations

Suppose you are working in some audio streaming service. The service has $n$ active users and $10^9$ tracks users can listen to. Users can like tracks and, based on likes, the service should recommend them new tracks.

Tracks are numbered from $1$ to $10^9$. It turned out that tracks the $i$ -th user likes form a segment $[l_i, r_i]$.

Let's say that the user $j$ is a predictor for user $i$ ($j \neq i$) if user $j$ likes all tracks the $i$ -th user likes (and, possibly, some other tracks too).

Also, let's say that a track is strongly recommended for user $i$ if the track is not liked by the $i$ -th user yet, but it is liked by every predictor for the $i$ -th user.

Calculate the number of strongly recommended tracks for each user $i$. If a user doesn't have any predictors, then print $0$ for that user.

Input
The first line contains one integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. Next, $t$ cases follow. The first line of each test case contains one integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of users. The next $n$ lines contain two integers $l_i$ and $r_i$ per line ($1 \le l_i \le r_i \le 10^9$) — the segment of tracks the $i$ -th user likes. Additional constraint on the input: the sum of $n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, print $n$ integers, where the $i$ -th integer is the number of strongly recommended tracks for the $i$ -th user (or $0$, if that user doesn't have any predictors).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes