D. Serval and Kaitenzushi Buffet

Serval has just found a Kaitenzushi buffet restaurant. Kaitenzushi means that there is a conveyor belt in the restaurant, delivering plates of sushi in front of the customer, Serval.

In this restaurant, each plate contains exactly $k$ pieces of sushi and the $i$-th plate has a deliciousness $d_i$. Serval will have a meal in this restaurant for $n$ minutes, and within the $n$ minutes, he must eat up all the pieces of sushi he took from the belt.

Denote the counter for uneaten taken pieces of sushi as $r$. Initially, $r=0$. In the $i$-th minute ($1\leq i\leq n$), only the $i$-th plate of sushi will be delivered in front of Serval, and he can do one of the following:

Note that after the $n$ minutes, the value of $r$ must be $0$.

Serval wants to maximize the sum of the deliciousnesses of all the plates he took. Help him find it out!

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1\leq k \lt n\leq 2\cdot 10^5$) — the number of minutes of the meal and the number of sushi pieces in each plate. The second line contains $n$ integers $d_1, d_2, \ldots, d_n$ ($1\leq d_i\leq 10^9$) — the deliciousness of each plate. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2\cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, print a single integer — the maximum possible sum of the deliciousnesses of all the plates Serval took.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes