E. Control of Randomness

You are given a tree with $n$ vertices.

Let's place a robot in some vertex $v \ne 1$, and suppose we initially have $p$ coins. Consider the following process, where in the $i$ -th step (starting from $i = 1$):

The process stops as soon as the robot reaches vertex $1$. Let $f(v, p)$ be the minimum possible expected number of steps in the process above if we spend our coins optimally.

Answer $q$ queries, in the $i$ -th of which you have to find the value of $f(v_i, p_i)$, modulo $^{\text{∗}}$ $998\,244\,353$.

$^{\text{∗}}$ Formally, let $M = 998\,244\,353$. It can be shown that the answer can be expressed as an irreducible fraction $\frac{p}{q}$, where $p$ and $q$ are integers and $q \not \equiv 0 \pmod{M}$. Output the integer equal to $p \cdot q^{-1} \bmod M$. In other words, output such an integer $x$ that $0 \le x \lt M$ and $x \cdot q \equiv p \pmod{M}$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^3$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $q$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^3$; $1 \le q \le 2 \cdot 10^3$) — the number of vertices in the tree and the number of queries. The next $n - 1$ lines contain the edges of the tree, one edge per line. The $i$ -th line contains two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$ ($1 \le u_i, v_i \le n$; $u_i \neq v_i$), denoting the edge between the nodes $u_i$ and $v_i$. The next $q$ lines contain two integers $v_i$ and $p_i$ ($2 \le v_i \le n$; $0 \le p_i \le n$). It's guaranteed that the given edges form a tree. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10 ^ 3$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $q$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10 ^ 3$.

Output
For each test case, print $q$ integers: the values of $f(v_i, p_i)$ modulo $998\,244\,353$. Formally, let $M = 998\,244\,353$. It can be shown that the answer can be expressed as an irreducible fraction $\frac{p}{q}$, where $p$ and $q$ are integers and $q \not \equiv 0 \pmod{M}$. Output the integer equal to $p \cdot q^{-1} \bmod M$. In other words, output such an integer $x$ that $0 \le x \lt M$ and $x \cdot q \equiv p \pmod{M}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes