C. Wonderful City

You are the proud leader of a city in Ancient Berland. There are $n^2$ buildings arranged in a grid of $n$ rows and $n$ columns. The height of the building in row $i$ and column $j$ is $h_{i, j}$.

The city is beautiful if no two adjacent by side buildings have the same height. In other words, it must satisfy the following:

There are $n$ workers at company A, and $n$ workers at company B. Each worker can be hired at most once.

It costs $a_i$ coins to hire worker $i$ at company A. After hiring, worker $i$ will:

It costs $b_j$ coins to hire worker $j$ at company B. After hiring, worker $j$ will:

Find the minimum number of coins needed to make the city beautiful, or report that it is impossible.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 100$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 1000$) — the size of the grid. The $i$ -th of the next $n$ lines of each test case contains $n$ integers $h_{i, 1}, h_{i, 2}, \ldots, h_{i, n}$ ($1 \le h_{i, j} \le 10^9$) — the heights of the buildings in row $i$. The next line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the costs of hiring the workers at company A. The next line of each test case contains $n$ integers $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ ($1 \le b_j \le 10^9$) — the costs of hiring the workers at company B. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $1000$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer — the minimum number of coins needed, or $-1$ if it is impossible.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes