E. LeaFall

You are given a tree $^{\text{∗}}$ with $n$ vertices. Over time, each vertex $i$ ($1 \le i \le n$) has a probability of $\frac{p_i}{q_i}$ of falling. Determine the expected value of the number of unordered pairs $^{\text{†}}$ of distinct vertices that become leaves $^{\text{‡}}$ in the resulting forest $^{\text{§}}$, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Note that when vertex $v$ falls, it is removed along with all edges connected to it. However, adjacent vertices remain unaffected by the fall of $v$.

$^{\text{∗}}$ A tree is a connected graph without cycles.

$^{\text{†}}$ An unordered pair is a collection of two elements where the order in which the elements appear does not matter. For example, the unordered pair $(1, 2)$ is considered the same as $(2, 1)$.

$^{\text{‡}}$ A leaf is a vertex that is connected to exactly one edge.

$^{\text{§}}$ A forest is a graph without cycles

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^5$). The $i$ -th line of the following $n$ lines contains two integers $p_i$ and $q_i$ ($1 \le p_i \lt q_i \lt 998\,244\,353$). Each of the following $n - 1$ lines contains two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n$, $u \neq v$) — the indices of the vertices connected by an edge. It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer — the expected value of the number of unordered pairs of distinct vertices that become leaves in the resulting forest modulo $998\,244\,353$. Formally, let $M = 998\,244\,353$. It can be shown that the exact answer can be expressed as an irreducible fraction $\frac{p}{q}$, where $p$ and $q$ are integers and $q \not \equiv 0 \pmod{M}$. Output the integer equal to $p \cdot q^{-1} \bmod M$. In other words, output such an integer $x$ that $0 \le x \lt M$ and $x \cdot q \equiv p \pmod{M}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes