C. Eri and Expanded Sets

Let there be a set that contains distinct positive integers. To expand the set to contain as many integers as possible, Eri can choose two integers $x\neq y$ from the set such that their average $\frac{x+y}2$ is still a positive integer and isn't contained in the set, and add it to the set. The integers $x$ and $y$ remain in the set.

Let's call the set of integers consecutive if, after the elements are sorted, the difference between any pair of adjacent elements is $1$. For example, sets $\{2\}$, $\{2, 5, 4, 3\}$, $\{5, 6, 8, 7\}$ are consecutive, while $\{2, 4, 5, 6\}$, $\{9, 7\}$ are not.

Eri likes consecutive sets. Suppose there is an array $b$, then Eri puts all elements in $b$ into the set. If after a finite number of operations described above, the set can become consecutive, the array $b$ will be called brilliant.

Note that if the same integer appears in the array multiple times, we only put it into the set once, as a set always contains distinct positive integers.

Eri has an array $a$ of $n$ positive integers. Please help him to count the number of pairs of integers $(l,r)$ such that $1 \leq l \leq r \leq n$ and the subarray $a_l, a_{l+1}, \ldots, a_r$ is brilliant.

Input
Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 4 \cdot 10^5$) — length of the array $a$. The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq 10^9$) — the elements of the array $a$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $4 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer — the number of brilliant subarrays.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes