E1. Turtle and Inversions (Easy Version)

This is an easy version of this problem. The differences between the versions are the constraint on $m$ and $r_i < l_{i + 1}$ holds for each $i$ from $1$ to $m - 1$ in the easy version. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

Turtle gives you $m$ intervals $[l_1, r_1], [l_2, r_2], \ldots, [l_m, r_m]$. He thinks that a permutation $p$ is interesting if there exists an integer $k_i$ for every interval ($l_i \le k_i < r_i$), and if he lets $a_i = \max\limits_{j = l_i}^{k_i} p_j, b_i = \min\limits_{j = k_i + 1}^{r_i} p_j$ for every integer $i$ from $1$ to $m$, the following condition holds:

$$\max\limits_{i = 1}^m a_i < \min\limits_{i = 1}^m b_i$$

Turtle wants you to calculate the maximum number of inversions of all interesting permutations of length $n$, or tell him if there is no interesting permutation.

An inversion of a permutation $p$ is a pair of integers $(i, j)$ ($1 \le i < j \le n$) such that $p_i > p_j$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^3$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n, m$ ($2 \le n \le 5 \cdot 10^3, 0 \le m \le \frac{n}{2}$) — the length of the permutation and the number of intervals. The $i$ -th of the following $m$ lines contains two integers $l_i, r_i$ ($1 \le l_i < r_i \le n$) — the $i$ -th interval. Additional constraint on the input in this version: $r_i < l_{i + 1}$ holds for each $i$ from $1$ to $m - 1$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $5 \cdot 10^3$.

Output
For each test case, if there is no interesting permutation, output a single integer $-1$. Otherwise, output a single integer — the maximum number of inversions.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes