E. Points Selection

Alice and Bob are playing with points on the XY plane. Initially, there are $n$ points on the plane: the $i$ -th point is located at $(x_i, y_i)$ and has a cost of $c_i$.

The game consists of two stages:

After that, the game ends and the total score is calculated. The total score of the game is the sum of the costs of the removed points by Alice and the perimeter of the rectangle drawn by Bob. Alice wants to maximize the score, while Bob wants to minimize it.

Determine the total score of the game if both Alice and Bob play optimally.

The perimeter of the rectangle is equal to the sum of the lengths of all its four sides. Therefore, even if the rectangle degenerates into a line segment of length $k$, its perimeter will be $2k$. The perimeter of a rectangle that degenerates into a point is $0$.

Input
The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 3 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of points on the plane. The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $x_1, x_2, \dots, x_n$ ($0 \le x_i \le 10^{15}$) — the $x$ -coordinates of the points. The third line contains $n$ integers $y_1, y_2, \dots, y_n$ ($0 \le y_i \le 10^{15}$) — the $y$ -coordinates of the points. The fourth line contains $n$ integers $c_1, c_2, \dots, c_n$ ($0 \le c_i \le 10^9$) — the costs of the points. Additional constraints on the input: in one test case, all points are pairwise distinct; the total number of points across all test cases does not exceed $3 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer — the final score of the game if both Alice and Bob play optimally.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes