E. Binary String Wowee

Mouf is bored with themes, so he decided not to use any themes for this problem.

You are given a binary $^{\text{∗}}$ string $s$ of length $n$. You are to perform the following operation exactly $k$ times:

You need to count the number of possible ways to perform all $k$ operations.

Since the answer could be ginormous, print it modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Two sequences of operations are considered different if they differ in the index selected at any step.

$^{\text{∗}}$ A binary string is a string that consists only of the characters $\mathtt{0}$ and $\mathtt{1}$.

$^{\text{†}}$ Flipping a binary character is changing it from $\mathtt{0}$ to $\mathtt{1}$ or vice versa.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 100$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \le k \le n \le 500$) — the length of the binary string $s$ and the number of times the operation must be performed, respectively. The second line of each test case contains a binary string $s$ of length $n$ consisting of only characters $\mathtt{0}$ and $\mathtt{1}$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ does not exceed $500$ over all test cases.

Output
For each test case, output a single integer — the number of ways you can perform exactly $k$ operations, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes