D. Prufer Vertex

For a tree $T$ with $n \ge 2$ vertices, consider the standard process for generating its Prufer sequence. We repeatedly perform the following steps until only two vertices remain:

It is known that vertex $n$ is always one of the two remaining vertices. Let $v$ be the other remaining vertex. We define the Prufer vertex of $T$ as $P(T) = v$.

You are given a forest with $n$ vertices and $m$ edges. Let $k$ be the number of connected components in this forest, and let their sizes be $s_1, s_2, \ldots, s_k$. It is known that there are exactly $n^{k - 2} \prod\limits_{i=1}^k s_i$ ways to add edges to the forest so that it becomes a single tree.

For each $v$ ($1 \le v < n$), calculate how many of these ways result in a tree $T$ satisfying $P(T) = v$.

Since the answers can be large, print them modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $0 \le m \le n - 1$) — the number of vertices and edges in the forest, respectively. The next $m$ lines of each test case contain two integers $u$ and $v$ ($1 \le u, v \le n, u \neq v$), describing an edge between vertices $u$ and $v$. It is guaranteed that these edges form a forest (that is, the graph is acyclic). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, print $n - 1$ integers on a single line. The $i$ -th integer should be the number of ways to add edges to the forest so that it becomes a tree $T$ satisfying $P(T) = i$, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes