E1. Submedians (Easy Version)

This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version, you are asked to find a subarray only for the maximum submedian.

You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

An integer $v$ is a median of an array $b$ of length $m$ if and only if:

You're given an integer $k$ and an array $a_1, \ldots, a_n$ of integers between $1$ and $n$.

An integer $v$ from $1$ to $n$ is said to be a submedian if there exists at least one pair of indices $(l, r)$ such that

It can be proven that there always exists at least one submedian. Find the maximum submedian $v_\max$ and any corresponding pair of indices $(l, r)$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 50\,000$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \leq k \leq n \leq 300\,000$). The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq n$). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $300\,000$.

Output
For each test case, output three integers $v_\max$, $l$, and $r$ — the maximum submedian $v_\max$ and the bounds of a subarray of length at least $k$ ($r - l + 1 \geq k$) such that $v_\max$ is one of its medians. If there are many solutions, you can print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes