E. Martian Luck

You know that the Martians use a number system with base k. Digit b (0 ≤ b < k) is considered lucky, as the first contact between the Martians and the Earthlings occurred in year b (by Martian chronology).

A digital root d (x) of number x is a number that consists of a single digit, resulting after cascading summing of all digits of number x. Word "cascading" means that if the first summing gives us a number that consists of several digits, then we sum up all digits again, and again, until we get a one digit number.

For example, d (3504 7) = d ((3 + 5 + 0 + 4) 7) = d (15 7) = d ((1 + 5) 7) = d (6 7) = 6 7. In this sample the calculations are performed in the 7-base notation.

If a number's digital root equals b, the Martians also call this number lucky.

You have string s, which consists of n digits in the k -base notation system. Your task is to find, how many distinct substrings of the given string are lucky numbers. Leading zeroes are permitted in the numbers.

Note that substring s [i... j] of the string s = a 1 a 2... a n (1 ≤ i ≤ j ≤ n) is the string a i a i + 1... a j. Two substrings s [i 1... j 1] and s [i 2... j 2] of the string s are different if either i 1 ≠ i 2 or j 1 ≠ j 2.

Input
The first line contains three integers k, b and n (2 ≤ k ≤ 10 9, 0 ≤ b < k, 1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5). The second line contains string s as a sequence of n integers, representing digits in the k -base notation: the i -th integer equals a i (0 ≤ a i < k) — the i -th digit of string s. The numbers in the lines are space-separated.

Output
Print a single integer — the number of substrings that are lucky numbers. Please, do not use the %lld specifier to read or write 64-bit integers in С++. It is preferred to use the cin, cout streams or the %I64d specifier.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes