D1. From the Unknown (Easy Version)

This is the easy version of the problem. The difference between the versions is that in this version, there are no constraints on the sum of the lengths of the articles over all queries. You can hack only if you solved all versions of this problem.

This is an interactive problem.

The RiOI Team has recently developed a text editor named RiOI Editor. The editor works with exactly one integer parameter $W$ — the width of each line. It is known that $1 \leq W \leq 10^5$.

As you cannot understand the RiOI Language, from your point of view, words differ from each other only by their length. Hence, an article of length $n$ is defined as a sequence $a$ consisting of $n$ positive integers, where $a_i$ is the length of the $i$ -th word in the article. The RiOI Editor displays the article $[a_1, a_2,\ldots, a_n]$ on screen as follows:

You are very interested in the editor, so you decide to find out the value of $W$ by inputting some articles into the editor and observing the number of lines needed to display each article.

Formally, you can query the jury at most $2$ times. In each query, you input an article $[a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n]$ ($1\leq n \leq 10^5$) to the editor, and the jury will respond to you with:

For each test case, you can make up to $2$ queries to find out the value of $W$. It is guaranteed that $1\leq W\leq 10^5$.

To make a query, you should print a new line in the following format:

At the end of each query, the jury will print an integer, as described in the statements.

To report that you have found the value of $W$, print a new line in the following format:

Printing the answer does not count as one of the $2$ queries.

After that, proceed to process the next test case or terminate the program if it was the last test case.

After printing each query do not forget to output the end of line and flush $^{\text{∗}}$ the output. Otherwise, you will get Idleness limit exceeded verdict.

If, at any interaction step, you read $-1$ instead of valid data, your solution must exit immediately. This means that your solution will receive Wrong answer because of an invalid query or any other mistake. Failing to exit can result in an arbitrary verdict because your solution will continue to read from a closed stream.

The interactor in this problem is adaptive. It means that the value of $W$ may change during the interaction, but it is guaranteed that there is always at least one integer $W$ satisfying all the queries.

Hacks

To perform a hack, only the following format is available:

The first line of the input contains an integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10$) — the number of test cases. Then, output a string " manual " in the same line.

The only line of each test case contains a single integer $W$ ($1\le W\le 10^5$) — the parameter of the editor.

The hacking format for the example is as follows.

$^{\text{∗}}$ To flush, use:

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10$). The description of the test cases follows.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes