E2. Submedians (Hard Version)

This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version, you are asked to find a subarray for all submedians.

You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

An integer $v$ is a median of an array $b$ of length $m$ if and only if:

You're given an integer $k$ and an array $a_1, \ldots, a_n$ of integers between $1$ and $n$.

An integer $v$ from $1$ to $n$ is said to be a submedian if there exists at least one pair of indices $(l, r)$ such that

Find all submedians and for each of them, find any corresponding pair of indices $(l, r)$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 50\,000$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $k$ ($1 \leq k \leq n \leq 300\,000$). The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq n$). It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases doesn't exceed $300\,000$.

Output
For each test case, output your answer in the following format. On the first line, output $c$, the number of submedians. On the $i$ -th of the following $c$ lines, output three integers $v_i$, $l_i$, and $r_i$ such that $r_i - l_i + 1 \geq k$, and $v_i$ is one of the medians of the subarray $[a_{l_i}, \ldots, a_{r_i}]$. Each submedian should be reported exactly once, that is, integers $v_1, \ldots, v_c$ must be pairwise distinct. The order in which they are reported does not matter. If there are many solutions, you can print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes