C1. Beautiful Patterns (Easy Version)

This is the easy version of the problem. The difference between the versions is that in this version, $n \le 2 \cdot 10^3$. You can hack only if you solved all versions of this problem.

Upon entering the ancient palace "Palindrome-Palace", you noticed that there are peculiar patterns on its walls. The pattern is a mosaic of size $1 \times n$ made of pebbles, each painted in one of $m$ different colors.

The correctness of an arbitrary mosaic $s$ is defined as the number of non-empty subsegments of $s$ that are palindromes. The beauty of the mosaic is defined as the square of its correctness. For example, for the mosaic rgrb, there are five palindromic subsegments: r, g, r, b, and rgr. Therefore, its correctness is $5$, and its beauty is $25$.

While wandering through this palace, you wondered: what is the expected value of the beauty of the mosaic if the color of each of the $n$ pebbles is chosen uniformly and independently of the colors of the other pebbles? Print the answer modulo prime $p$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$). The description of the test cases follows. The only line of each test case contains three integers $n$, $m$, and $p$ ($1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^3$; $1 \leq m \leq 10^7$; $m < p < 10^9$) representing the length of the mosaic, the number of different colors of pebbles, and the modulus for which the answer needs to be computed. It is guaranteed that $p$ is a prime number. It is also guaranteed that the sum of $n$ across all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^3$.

Output
For each test case, output the expected beauty of the mosaic modulo $p$. Formally, let $x = p$. It can be shown that the exact answer can be expressed as an irreducible fraction $\frac{y}{z}$, where $y$ and $z$ are integers and $z \not \equiv 0 \pmod{x}$. Output the integer equal to $y \cdot z^{-1} \bmod x$. In other words, output such an integer $t$ that $0 \le t < x$ and $t \cdot z \equiv y \pmod{x}$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes