E. Power Boxes

This is an interactive problem.

You are given $n$ boxes, indexed from $1$ to $n$. The boxes look identical, but each one has a hidden power value $a_i$, which is either $1$ or $2$.

You want to determine the power value of each box. To do so, you conduct the following experiment. Initially, the $i$ -th box is placed at coordinate $i$ on a number line ($1 \le i \le n$).

You are allowed to perform the following two types of queries:

Your task is to determine the power value of each box using no more than $\left\lceil \frac{3n}{2} \right\rceil$ queries in total, counting both swap and throw queries.

The interaction for each test case begins by reading the integer $n$.

To make a query, output a line in one of the following formats:

Note that queries are case sensitive.

Once you have determined the power value of each box, output a line in the following format:

Note that submitting the final answer with the previous query does not count towards the limit of $\left\lceil \frac{3n}{2} \right\rceil$ queries.

If your program exceeds $\left\lceil \frac{3n}{2} \right\rceil$ queries in one test case, your program must terminate immediately to receive the verdict Wrong Answer. Otherwise, it may receive any other verdict.

After outputting a query, do not forget to output the end of the line and flush the output. Otherwise, you will get Idleness limit exceeded. To do this, use:

The interactor is non-adaptive; the power values of the boxes remain constant throughout the interaction.

Hacks

To hack, use the following format.

The first line should contain a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 500$) — the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 1000$) — the number of boxes.

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 2$) — the power value of each box.

The sum of $n$ over all test cases should not exceed $1000$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 500$). The description of the test cases follows. The first and the only line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 1000$) — the number of boxes. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $1000$.

Output


Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes