D. Stars

Furik loves painting stars. A star is a shape that results if we take a regular pentagon and paint all diagonals in it.

Recently he decided to teach Rubik to paint stars. After many years of training Rubik could paint stars easily. But now Furik decided to test Rubik and complicated the task. Rubik must paint n stars, observing the following rules:

Help Rubik to cope with this hard task.

Input
A single line contains an integer (1 ≤ n ≤ 100) — the number of stars to paint.

Output
On the first line print an integer m (1 ≤ m ≤ 5· n). On the next m lines print coordinates of m distinct points with accuracy of at least 9 and at most 100 digits after decimal point. All coordinates should not exceed 5000 in their absolute value. On each of the next n lines print 5 integers — the indexes of the points that form the given star in the clockwise or counterclockwise order. On the next line print 5· n + 1 integers — the numbers of points in the order, in which Rubik paints stars. That is, if number with index i is a i, and number with index i + 1 is a i + 1, then points with indexes a i and a i + 1 will have a segment painted between them. You can consider all m printed points indexed from 1 to m in the order, in which they occur in the output. Separate the numbers on the lines with whitespaces. Note that the answer has an imprecise validation. Try to obtain as accurate a solution as possible. The validator performs all calculations considering that the absolute error of a participant's answer is not more than 10 - 8.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes