E. Changing the String

Given a string $s$ that consists only of the first three letters of the Latin alphabet, meaning each character of the string is either a, b, or c.

Also given are $q$ operations that need to be performed on the string. In each operation, two letters $x$ and $y$ from the set of the first three letters of the Latin alphabet are provided, and for each operation, one of the following two actions must be taken:

The goal is to perform all operations in the given order in such a way that the string $s$ becomes lexicographically minimal.

Recall that a string $a$ is lexicographically less than a string $b$ if and only if one of the following conditions holds:

Input
Each test consists of several test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^{3}$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows. In the first line of each test case, there are two integers $n$ and $q$ ($1 \le n, q \le 2 \cdot 10^{5}$) — the length of the string $s$ and the number of operations. In the second line of each test case, the string $s$ is given — a string of exactly $n$ characters, each of which is a, b, or c. The next $q$ lines of each test case contain the description of the operations. Each line contains two characters $x$ and $y$, each of which is a, b, or c. Additional constraints on the input: the sum of $n$ across all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^{5}$; the sum of $q$ across all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^{5}$.

Output
For each test case, output the lexicographically minimal string that can be obtained from $s$ using the given operations.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes