D. Copy String

Given two strings $s$ and $t$ of length $n$, you aim to transform $s$ into $t$ through a series of the following operations:

Your task is to achieve this transformation using the minimum number of operations. You also need to output the solution by printing the constructed string $s'$ after each operation. If the transformation cannot be achieved in less than or equal to $k_{\mathrm{max}}$ operations, output -1.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$, $k_{\mathrm{max}}$ ($1 \le n \cdot k_{\mathrm{max}} \le 10^6$) — the length of two strings and the maximum number of operations that can be used. The second line of each test case contains one string $s$ of length $n$. The third line of each test case contains one string $t$ of length $n$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $nk_{\mathrm{max}}$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$. It is guaranteed that both $s$ and $t$ consist of lowercase Latin letters.

Output
For each test case: If you cannot achieve the transformation in less than or equal to $k_{\mathrm{max}}$ operations, simply output -1 in one line. Otherwise, on the first line, output one integer $k \le k_{\mathrm{max}}$ — the minimum number of operations. Then $k$ lines follow, each line contains one string of length $n$ — the string after each operation. If there are multiple solutions, output any.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes