E. Remove at the lowest cost

You have $n$ elements. Each of these elements has a natural value $a_i$ and a natural removal cost $c_i$. You need to remove all elements except one, paying the minimum possible cost. To do this, you perform the following operation $n - 1$ times:

In one operation, you choose two adjacent elements and remove the one with the smaller value. For this operation, you pay the removal cost of the least expensive element among the two. If these two elements have equal values, you can remove either of them, paying the removal cost of the minimum of the two in terms of removal cost. After removing an element, the elements to the right of the removed element shift left by one position, leaving no gaps.

You also have $n$ zeroing operations for the removal costs of the array. After the $i$ -th zeroing operation, the removal cost of the element with index $p_i$ becomes $0$. It is guaranteed that all $p_i$ are distinct. You need to solve this problem for the original elements, as well as after each of the zeroing operations.

Note: After the $i$ -th zeroing operation, the removal cost of the element $p_i$ remains $0$ in all subsequent problems ($i + 1, i + 2, \dots, n$).

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains one natural number $n$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of elements you have. The second line of each test case contains $n$ natural numbers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the values of the elements. The third line of each test case contains $n$ natural numbers $c_1, c_2, \ldots, c_n$ ($1 \le c_i \le 10^9$) — the removal costs of the elements. The fourth line of each test case contains $n$ natural numbers $p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n$ ($1 \le p_i \le n$) — the indices of the elements whose removal costs are zeroed, in the corresponding order. It is guaranteed that all $p_i$ are distinct. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ across all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output $n + 1$ numbers — the minimum cost of removing all elements except one, before all zeroings and after each of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes