D. Palindrome Flipping

You are given two binary strings $s$ and $t$, each of the same length $n$. You are allowed to perform the following operation:

The goal is to finally make $s$ equal to $t$, performing any of the above operations at most $2n$ times (possibly none).

A substring $s_{l,r}$ of a string $s$ is the contiguous sequence of characters starting from index $l$ and ending at index $r$ (both inclusive), where $1 \leq l < r \leq |s|$. Here $|s|$ denotes the length of the string $s$.

A string is a palindrome if it reads the same forwards and backwards. For example, the strings 101 and 00 are palindromes, while 10 is not.

Flipping all bits in a substring means changing each 0 to 1 and each 1 to 0 in that substring. For example, flipping the substring 101 results in 010.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $T$ ($1 \le T \le 5\cdot 10^3$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($4 \le n \le 100$) — the length of the strings $s$ and $t$. The next two lines of each test case contain the binary strings $s$ and $t$, respectively. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n^2$ over all test cases does not exceed $5\cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, if it is impossible to achieve the goal, print $-1$. Otherwise, the first line should contain an integer $k$ ($0 \leq k \leq 2n$) — the number of operations. For each of the next $k$ lines, print two integers $l, r$ ($1 \leq l < r \leq n$) — the indices you choose in each operation. Note that $s_{l,r}$ must be a palindrome at this stage.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes