C. Jerry and Tom

Jerry and Tom are playing a game on a directed graph $G$ with $n$ vertices, numbered from $1$ to $n$. For every vertex $1 \le u < n$, there is a directed edge from $u$ to $u+1$. In addition, there are $m$ extra directed edges. The $i$ -th extra edge goes from $u_i$ to $v_i$, where $1 \le u_i < v_i \le n$.

The graph $G$ has the following special property: there do not exist two directed edges $(u_i\to v_i)$ and $(u_j\to v_j)$ such that $u_i < u_j < v_i < v_j$.

At the beginning of the game, Jerry and Tom stand on vertices $x$ and $y$, respectively, where $x \ne y$. The game proceeds in turns. In each turn, the players behave according to the following rules, with Jerry going first, followed by Tom:

If at the end of any turn, Jerry and Tom are at the same vertex (including at vertex $n$), the game ends immediately and Tom wins. Otherwise, if Jerry is initially at vertex $n$, or reaches vertex $n$ at the end of any turn, Jerry wins.

Note that if after a turn, both Jerry and Tom are at vertex $n$, then Tom wins.

Throughout the entire game, both players know each others' locations.

It can be proven that the game will end in a finite number of turns.

For a pair of integers $1 \le x,y \le n$, $x \ne y$, define $f(x,y)$ as follows:

Compute $$\sum\limits_{1 \le x,y \le n, x \ne y}f(x,y).$$

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $0 \le m \le n-2$), representing the number of vertices and the number of extra edges, respectively. The $i$ -th of the next $m$ lines contains two integers $u_i$ and $v_i$ ($1 \le u_i,v_i \le n$, $u_i + 1 < v_i$), representing an extra edge. It is guaranteed that for any ordered pair of vertices $(u,v)$, there exists at most one edge from $u$ to $v$. It is guaranteed that there do not exist two directed edges $(u_i\to v_i)$ and $(u_j\to v_j)$ such that $u_i < u_j < v_i < v_j$. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output an integer representing the value of the expression.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes