D1. Red Light, Green Light (Easy version)

This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is the constraint on $k$ and the total sum of $n$ and $q$ across all test cases. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

You are given a strip of length $10^{15}$ and a constant $k$. There are exactly $n$ cells that contain a traffic light; each has a position $p_i$ and an initial delay $d_i$ for which $d_i \lt k$. The $i$ -th traffic light works the following way:

At second $0$, you are initially positioned at some cell on the strip, facing the positive direction. At each second, you perform the following actions in order:

You are given $q$ different starting positions. For each one, determine whether you will eventually leave the strip within $10^{100}$ seconds.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 500$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$, $k$ ($\mathbf{1 \le n \le 500}$ and $\mathbf{1 \le k \le 500}$) — the number of traffic lights and the length of the period. The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $p_1, p_2, \ldots p_n$ ($1 \le p_1 \lt p_2 \lt \cdots \lt p_n \le 10^{15}$) — the positions of the traffic lights. The third line of each test case contains $n$ integers $d_1, d_2, \ldots d_n$ ($0 \le d_i \lt k$) — the delays of the traffic lights. The fourth line of each test case contains one integer $q$ ($\mathbf{1 \le q \le 500}$) — the number of queries. The fifth line of each test case contains $q$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_q$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq 10^{15}$) — the starting positions. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ and $q$ over all test cases does not exceed $\mathbf{500}$.

Output
For each test case, output $q$ lines. Each line should contain " YES " if you will eventually leave the strip and " NO " otherwise. You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the strings " yEs ", " yes ", " Yes ", and " YES " will be recognized as positive responses.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes