D. Local Construction

An element $b_i$ ($1\le i\le m$) in an array $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_m$ is a local minimum if at least one of the following holds:

Similarly, an element $b_i$ ($1\le i\le m$) in an array $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_m$ is a local maximum if at least one of the following holds:

Note that local minima and maxima are not defined for arrays with only one element.

There is a hidden permutation $^{\text{∗}}$ $p$ of length $n$. The following two operations are applied to permutation $p$ alternately, starting from operation 1, until there is only one element left in $p$ :

More specifically, operation 1 is applied during every odd iteration, and operation 2 is applied during every even iteration, until there is only one element left in $p$.

For each index $i$ ($1\le i\le n$), let $a_i$ be the iteration number that element $p_i$ is removed, or $-1$ if it was never removed.

It can be proven that there will be only one element left in $p$ after at most $\lceil \log_2 n\rceil$ iterations (in other words, $a_i \le \lceil \log_2 n\rceil$).

You are given the array $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$. Your task is to construct any permutation $p$ of $n$ elements that satisfies array $a$.

$^{\text{∗}}$ A permutation of length $n$ is an array consisting of $n$ distinct integers from $1$ to $n$ in arbitrary order. For example, $[2,3,1,5,4]$ is a permutation, but $[1,2,2]$ is not a permutation ($2$ appears twice in the array), and $[1,3,4]$ is also not a permutation ($n=3$ but there is $4$ in the array).

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of elements in permutation $p$. The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le \lceil\log_2 n\rceil$ or $a_i = -1$) — the iteration number that element $p_i$ is removed. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$. It is guaranteed that there exists at least one permutation $p$ that satisfies array $a$.

Output
For each test case, output $n$ integers representing the elements of the permutation satisfying array $a$. If there are multiple solutions, you may output any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes