D. Fibonacci Paths

You are given a directed graph consisting of $n$ vertices and $m$ edges. Each vertex $v$ corresponds to a positive number $a_v$. Count the number of distinct simple paths $^{\text{∗}}$ consisting of at least two vertices, such that the sequence of numbers written at the vertices along the path forms a generalized Fibonacci sequence.

In this problem, we will consider that the sequence of numbers $x_0, x_1, \ldots, x_k$ forms a generalized Fibonacci sequence if:

Note that a generalized Fibonacci sequence consists of at least two numbers.

Since the answer may be large, output it modulo $998\,244\,353$.

$^{\text{∗}}$ A simple path in a directed graph is a sequence of vertices $v_1, v_2, \ldots, v_k$ such that each vertex in the graph appears in the path at most once and there is a directed edge from $v_i$ to $v_{i+1}$ for all $i < k$.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). The description of the test cases follows. The first line of each test case contains two numbers $n$, $m$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $1 \le m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$) — the number of vertices and the number of edges in the graph, respectively. The second line of each test case contains $n$ natural numbers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^{18}$) — the numbers written at the vertices. The next $m$ lines contain the edges of the graph; each edge is defined by two natural numbers $v, u$ ($1 \le v, u \le n$, $u \neq v$), denoting a directed edge from $v$ to $u$. It is guaranteed that there are no multiple edges in the graph. It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ and the sum of $m$ across all test cases do not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

Output
For each test case, output the number of paths that form a generalized Fibonacci sequence, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes