D. T-decomposition

You've got a undirected tree s, consisting of n nodes. Your task is to build an optimal T-decomposition for it. Let's define a T-decomposition as follows.

Let's denote the set of all nodes s as v. Let's consider an undirected tree t, whose nodes are some non-empty subsets of v, we'll call them x i. The tree t is a T-decomposition of s, if the following conditions holds:

There are obviously many distinct trees t, that are T-decompositions of the tree s. For example, a T-decomposition is a tree that consists of a single node, equal to set v.

Let's define the cardinality of node x i as the number of nodes in tree s, containing in the node. Let's choose the node with the maximum cardinality in t. Let's assume that its cardinality equals w. Then the weight of T-decomposition t is value w. The optimal T-decomposition is the one with the minimum weight.

Your task is to find the optimal T-decomposition of the given tree s that has the minimum number of nodes.

Input
The first line contains a single integer n (2 ≤ n ≤ 10 5), that denotes the number of nodes in tree s. Each of the following n - 1 lines contains two space-separated integers a i, b i (1 ≤ a i, b i ≤ n; a i ≠ b i), denoting that the nodes of tree s with indices a i and b i are connected by an edge. Consider the nodes of tree s indexed from 1 to n. It is guaranteed that s is a tree.

Output
In the first line print a single integer m that denotes the number of nodes in the required T-decomposition. Then print m lines, containing descriptions of the T-decomposition nodes. In the i -th (1 ≤ i ≤ m) of them print the description of node x i of the T-decomposition. The description of each node x i should start from an integer k i, that represents the number of nodes of the initial tree s, that are contained in the node x i. Then you should print k i distinct space-separated integers — the numbers of nodes from s, contained in x i, in arbitrary order. Then print m - 1 lines, each consisting two integers p i, q i (1 ≤ p i, q i ≤ m; p i ≠ q i). The pair of integers p i, q i means there is an edge between nodes x p i and x q i of T-decomposition. The printed T-decomposition should be the optimal T-decomposition for the given tree s and have the minimum possible number of nodes among all optimal T-decompositions. If there are multiple optimal T-decompositions with the minimum number of nodes, print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes