D. Tape Programming

There is a programming language in which every program is a non-empty sequence of " < " and " > " signs and digits. Let's explain how the interpreter of this programming language works. A program is interpreted using movement of instruction pointer (IP) which consists of two parts.

Initially CP points to the leftmost character of the sequence and DP points to the right.

We repeat the following steps until the first moment that CP points to somewhere outside the sequence.

If at any moment the CP goes outside of the sequence the execution is terminated.

It's obvious the every program in this language terminates after some steps.

We have a sequence s 1, s 2, ..., s n of " < ", " > " and digits. You should answer q queries. Each query gives you l and r and asks how many of each digit will be printed if we run the sequence s l, s l + 1, ..., s r as an independent program in this language.

Input
The first line of input contains two integers n and q (1 ≤ n, q ≤ 10 5) — represents the length of the sequence s and the number of queries. The second line contains s, a sequence of " < ", " > " and digits (0..9) written from left to right. Note, that the characters of s are not separated with spaces. The next q lines each contains two integers l i and r i (1 ≤ l i ≤ r i ≤ n) — the i -th query.

Output
For each query print 10 space separated integers: x 0, x 1, ..., x 9 where x i equals the number of times the interpreter prints i while running the corresponding program. Print answers to the queries in the order they are given in input.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes