E. Playlist

Manao's friends often send him new songs. He never listens to them right away. Instead, he compiles them into a playlist. When he feels that his mind is open to new music, he opens the playlist and starts to listen to the songs.

Of course, there are some songs that Manao doesn't particuarly enjoy. To get more pleasure from the received songs, he invented the following procedure of listening to the playlist:

For example, if Manao has four songs in the playlist, A, B, C, D (in the corresponding order) and he is going to like songs A and C in the end, then the order of listening is the following:

That is, in the end Manao listens to song A three times, to song C twice and songs B and D once. Note that if Manao once liked a song, he will never dislike it on a subsequent listening.

Manao has received n songs: the i -th of them is l i seconds long and Manao may like it with a probability of p i percents. The songs could get on Manao's playlist in any order, so Manao wants to know the maximum expected value of the number of seconds after which the listening process will be over, for all possible permutations of the songs in the playlist.

Input
The first line contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 50000). The i -th of the following n lines contains two integers, separated by a single space — l i and p i (15 ≤ l i ≤ 1000, 0 ≤ p i ≤ 100) — the length of the i -th song in seconds and the probability that Manao will like the song, in percents.

Output
In a single line print a single real number — the maximum expected listening time over all permutations of songs. The answer will be considered valid if the absolute or relative error does not exceed 10 - 9.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes