E. Little Girl and Problem on Trees

A little girl loves problems on trees very much. Here's one of them.

A tree is an undirected connected graph, not containing cycles. The degree of node x in the tree is the number of nodes y of the tree, such that each of them is connected with node x by some edge of the tree.

Let's consider a tree that consists of n nodes. We'll consider the tree's nodes indexed from 1 to n. The cosidered tree has the following property: each node except for node number 1 has the degree of at most 2.

Initially, each node of the tree contains number 0. Your task is to quickly process the requests of two types:

Input
The first line contains integers n (2 ≤ n ≤ 10 5) and q (1 ≤ q ≤ 10 5) — the number of tree nodes and the number of requests, correspondingly. Each of the next n -  1 lines contains two integers u i and v i (1 ≤ u i, v i ≤ n, u i ≠ v i), that show that there is an edge between nodes u i and v i. Each edge's description occurs in the input exactly once. It is guaranteed that the given graph is a tree that has the property that is described in the statement. Next q lines describe the requests. The request to add has the following format: 0 v x d (1 ≤ v ≤ n, 1 ≤ x ≤ 10 4, 1 ≤ d < n). The request to print the node value has the following format: 1 v (1 ≤ v ≤ n). The numbers in the lines are separated by single spaces.

Output
For each request to print the node value print an integer — the reply to the request.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes