C. Coin Troubles

In the Isle of Guernsey there are n different types of coins. For each i (1 ≤ i ≤ n), coin of type i is worth a i cents. It is possible that a i = a j for some i and j (i ≠ j).

Bessie has some set of these coins totaling t cents. She tells Jessie q pairs of integers. For each i (1 ≤ i ≤ q), the pair b i, c i tells Jessie that Bessie has a strictly greater number of coins of type b i than coins of type c i. It is known that all b i are distinct and all c i are distinct.

Help Jessie find the number of possible combinations of coins Bessie could have. Two combinations are considered different if there is some i (1 ≤ i ≤ n), such that the number of coins Bessie has of type i is different in the two combinations. Since the answer can be very large, output it modulo 1000000007 (10 9 + 7).

If there are no possible combinations of coins totaling t cents that satisfy Bessie's conditions, output 0.

Input
The first line contains three space-separated integers, n, q and t (1 ≤ n ≤ 300; 0 ≤ q ≤ n; 1 ≤ t ≤ 10 5). The second line contains n space separated integers, a 1, a 2, ..., a n (1 ≤ a i ≤ 10 5). The next q lines each contain two distinct space-separated integers, b i and c i (1 ≤ b i, c i ≤ n; b i ≠ c i). It's guaranteed that all b i are distinct and all c i are distinct.

Output
A single integer, the number of valid coin combinations that Bessie could have, modulo 1000000007 (10 9 + 7).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes