D. Olya and Graph

Olya has got a directed non-weighted graph, consisting of n vertexes and m edges. We will consider that the graph vertexes are indexed from 1 to n in some manner. Then for any graph edge that goes from vertex v to vertex u the following inequation holds: v < u.

Now Olya wonders, how many ways there are to add an arbitrary (possibly zero) number of edges to the graph so as the following conditions were met:

We will consider two ways distinct, if there is the pair of vertexes i, j (i < j), such that first resulting graph has an edge from i to j and the second one doesn't have it.

Help Olya. As the required number of ways can be rather large, print it modulo 1000000007 (10 9 + 7).

Input
The first line contains three space-separated integers n, m, k (2 ≤ n ≤ 10 6, 0 ≤ m ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ k ≤ 10 6). The next m lines contain the description of the edges of the initial graph. The i -th line contains a pair of space-separated integers u i, v i (1 ≤ u i < v i ≤ n) — the numbers of vertexes that have a directed edge from u i to v i between them. It is guaranteed that any pair of vertexes u i, v i has at most one edge between them. It also is guaranteed that the graph edges are given in the order of non-decreasing u i. If there are multiple edges going from vertex u i, then it is guaranteed that these edges are given in the order of increasing v i.

Output
Print a single integer — the answer to the problem modulo 1000000007 (10 9 + 7).

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes