C. Fetch the Treasure

Rainbow built h cells in a row that are numbered from 1 to h from left to right. There are n cells with treasure. We call each of these n cells "Treasure Cell". The i -th "Treasure Cell" is the a i -th cell and the value of treasure in it is c i dollars.

Then, Freda went in the first cell. For now, she can go just k cells forward, or return to the first cell. That means Freda was able to reach the 1st, (k + 1)-th, (2· k + 1)-th, (3· k + 1)-th cells and so on.

Then Rainbow gave Freda m operations. Each operation is one of the following three types:

As a programmer, you are asked by Freda to write a program to answer each query.

Input
The first line of the input contains four integers: h (1 ≤ h ≤ 10 18), n, m (1 ≤ n, m ≤ 10 5) and k (1 ≤ k ≤ 10 4). Each of the next n lines contains two integers: a i (1 ≤ a i ≤ h), c i (1 ≤ c i ≤ 10 9). That means the i -th "Treasure Cell" is the a i -th cell and cost of the treasure in that cell is c i dollars. All the a i are distinct. Each of the next m lines is in one of the three following formats: "1 x " — an operation of type 1, 1 ≤ x ≤ h; "2 x y " — an operation of type 2, 1 ≤ x ≤ n, 0 ≤ y < c x; "3" — an operation of type 3. There are at most 20 operations of type 1. It's guaranteed that at any moment treasure in each cell has positive value. It's guaranteed that all operations is correct (no operation can decrease the value of the taken tresure). Please, do not use the %lld specifier to read 64-bit integers in С++. It is preferred to use the cin, cout streams or the %I64d specifier.

Output
For each operation of type 3, output an integer indicates the value (in dollars) of the most valuable treasure among the "Treasure Cells" Freda can reach. If there is no such treasure, output 0.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes