E. Axis Walking

Iahub wants to meet his girlfriend Iahubina. They both live in Ox axis (the horizontal axis). Iahub lives at point 0 and Iahubina at point d.

Iahub has n positive integers a 1, a 2,..., a n. The sum of those numbers is d. Suppose p 1, p 2,..., p n is a permutation of {1, 2, ..., n }. Then, let b 1 = a p 1, b 2 = a p 2 and so on. The array b is called a "route". There are n ! different routes, one for each permutation p.

Iahub's travel schedule is: he walks b 1 steps on Ox axis, then he makes a break in point b 1. Then, he walks b 2 more steps on Ox axis and makes a break in point b 1 + b 2. Similarly, at j -th (1 ≤ j ≤ n) time he walks b j more steps on Ox axis and makes a break in point b 1 + b 2 + ... + b j.

Iahub is very superstitious and has k integers which give him bad luck. He calls a route "good" if he never makes a break in a point corresponding to one of those k numbers. For his own curiosity, answer how many good routes he can make, modulo 1000000007 (10 9 + 7).

Input
The first line contains an integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 24). The following line contains n integers: a 1, a 2, ..., a n (1 ≤ a i ≤ 10 9). The third line contains integer k (0 ≤ k ≤ 2). The fourth line contains k positive integers, representing the numbers that give Iahub bad luck. Each of these numbers does not exceed 10 9.

Output
Output a single integer — the answer of Iahub's dilemma modulo 1000000007 (10 9 + 7).

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes