D. Fools and Foolproof Roads

You must have heard all about the Foolland on your Geography lessons. Specifically, you must know that federal structure of this country has been the same for many centuries. The country consists of n cities, some pairs of cities are connected by bidirectional roads, each road is described by its length l i.

The fools lived in their land joyfully, but a recent revolution changed the king. Now the king is Vasily the Bear. Vasily divided the country cities into regions, so that any two cities of the same region have a path along the roads between them and any two cities of different regions don't have such path. Then Vasily decided to upgrade the road network and construct exactly p new roads in the country. Constructing a road goes like this:

Vasily wants the road constructing process to result in the country that consists exactly of q regions. Your task is to come up with such road constructing plan for Vasily that it meets the requirement and minimizes the total length of the built roads.

Input
The first line contains four integers n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5), m (0 ≤ m ≤ 10 5), p (0 ≤ p ≤ 10 5), q (1 ≤ q ≤ n) — the number of cities in the Foolland, the number of existing roads, the number of roads that are planned to construct and the required number of regions. Next m lines describe the roads that exist by the moment upgrading of the roads begun. Each of these lines contains three integers x i, y i, l i : x i, y i — the numbers of the cities connected by this road (1 ≤ x i, y i ≤ n, x i ≠ y i), l i — length of the road (1 ≤ l i ≤ 10 9). Note that one pair of cities can be connected with multiple roads.

Output
If constructing the roads in the required way is impossible, print a single string " NO " (without the quotes). Otherwise, in the first line print word " YES " (without the quotes), and in the next p lines print the road construction plan. Each line of the plan must consist of two distinct integers, giving the numbers of the cities connected by a road. The road must occur in the plan in the order they need to be constructed. If there are multiple optimal solutions, you can print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes