E. Inna and Large Sweet Matrix

Inna loves sweets very much. That's why she wants to play the "Sweet Matrix" game with Dima and Sereja. But Sereja is a large person, so the game proved small for him. Sereja suggested playing the "Large Sweet Matrix" game.

The "Large Sweet Matrix" playing field is an n × m matrix. Let's number the rows of the matrix from 1 to n, and the columns — from 1 to m. Let's denote the cell in the i -th row and j -th column as (i, j). Each cell of the matrix can contain multiple candies, initially all cells are empty. The game goes in w moves, during each move one of the two following events occurs:

Unfortunately, Sereja's matrix is really huge. That's why Inna and Dima aren't coping with the calculating. Help them!

Input
The first line of the input contains three integers n, m and w (3 ≤ n, m ≤ 4·10 6; 1 ≤ w ≤ 10 5). The next w lines describe the moves that were made in the game. A line that describes an event of the first type contains 6 integers: 0, x 1, y 1, x 2, y 2 and v (1 ≤ x 1 ≤ x 2 ≤ n; 1 ≤ y 1 ≤ y 2 ≤ m; 1 ≤ v ≤ 10 9). A line that describes an event of the second type contains 5 integers: 1, x 1, y 1, x 2, y 2 (2 ≤ x 1 ≤ x 2 ≤ n - 1; 2 ≤ y 1 ≤ y 2 ≤ m - 1). It is guaranteed that the second type move occurs at least once. It is guaranteed that a single operation will not add more than 10 9 candies. Be careful, the constraints are very large, so please use optimal data structures. Max-tests will be in pretests.

Output
For each second type move print a single integer on a single line — the difference between Dima and Inna's numbers.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes