C. Tree and Array

User ainta likes trees. This time he is going to make an undirected tree with n vertices numbered by integers from 1 to n. The tree is weighted, so each edge of the tree will have some integer weight.

Also he has an array t : t [1], t [2], ..., t [n]. At first all the elements of the array are initialized to 0. Then for each edge connecting vertices u and v (u < v) of the tree with weight c, ainta adds value c to the elements t [u], t [u + 1], ..., t [v - 1], t [v] of array t.

Let's assume that d (u, v) is the total weight of edges on the shortest path between vertex u and vertex v. User ainta calls a pair of integers x, y (1 ≤ x < y ≤ n) good if and only if d (x, y) = t [x] + t [x + 1] + ... + t [y - 1] + t [y].

User ainta wants to make at least good pairs, but he couldn't make a proper tree. Help ainta to find such a tree.

Input
The first line contains a single integer n (5 ≤ n ≤ 10 5).

Output
Print n - 1 lines containing the description of the edges. The i -th line should contain three space-separated integers u i, v i, c i (1 ≤ u i < v i ≤ n; 1 ≤ c i ≤ 10 5) — two vertices connected by the edge, and the weight of the edge. Next print lines containing the good pairs. The k -th line should contain two space-separated integers x k and y k (1 ≤ x k < y k ≤ n). Of course, x k, y k must be a good pair. All pairs should be distinct — that is, for all j, k, x j ≠ x k or y j ≠ y k must be satisfied. If there are many correct solutions, print any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes