D. Hill Climbing

This problem has nothing to do with Little Chris. It is about hill climbers instead (and Chris definitely isn't one).

There are n hills arranged on a line, each in the form of a vertical line segment with one endpoint on the ground. The hills are numbered with numbers from 1 to n from left to right. The i -th hill stands at position x i with its top at height y i. For every two hills a and b, if the top of hill a can be seen from the top of hill b, their tops are connected by a rope. Formally, the tops of two hills are connected if the segment connecting their top points does not intersect or touch any of the other hill segments. Using these ropes, the hill climbers can move from hill to hill.

There are m teams of climbers, each composed of exactly two members. The first and the second climbers of the i -th team are located at the top of the a i -th and b i -th hills, respectively. They want to meet together at the top of some hill. Now, each of two climbers move according to the following process:

For each team of climbers, determine the number of the meeting hill for this pair!

Input
The first line of input contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5), the number of hills. The next n lines describe the hills. The i -th of them contains two space-separated integers x i, y i (1 ≤ x i ≤ 10 7; 1 ≤ y i ≤ 10 11), the position and the height of the i -th hill. The hills are given in the ascending order of x i, i.e., x i < x j for i < j. The next line of input contains a single integer m (1 ≤ m ≤ 10 5), the number of teams. The next m lines describe the teams. The i -th of them contains two space-separated integers a i, b i (1 ≤ a i, b i ≤ n), the numbers of the hills where the climbers of the i -th team are located. It is possible that a i = b i.

Output
In a single line output m space-separated integers, where the i -th integer is the number of the meeting hill for the members of the i -th team.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes