C. Civilization

Andrew plays a game called "Civilization". Dima helps him.

The game has n cities and m bidirectional roads. The cities are numbered from 1 to n. Between any pair of cities there either is a single (unique) path, or there is no path at all. A path is such a sequence of distinct cities v 1, v 2, ..., v k, that there is a road between any contiguous cities v i and v i + 1 (1 ≤ i < k). The length of the described path equals to (k - 1). We assume that two cities lie in the same region if and only if, there is a path connecting these two cities.

During the game events of two types take place:

Dima finds it hard to execute Andrew's queries, so he asks you to help him. Help Dima.

Input
The first line contains three integers n, m, q (1 ≤ n ≤ 3·10 5; 0 ≤ m < n; 1 ≤ q ≤ 3·10 5) — the number of cities, the number of the roads we already have and the number of queries, correspondingly. Each of the following m lines contains two integers, a i and b i (a i ≠ b i; 1 ≤ a i, b i ≤ n). These numbers represent the road between cities a i and b i. There can be at most one road between two cities. Each of the following q lines contains one of the two events in the following format: 1 x i. It is the request Andrew gives to Dima to find the length of the maximum path in the region that contains city x i (1 ≤ x i ≤ n). 2 x i y i. It is the request Andrew gives to Dima to merge the region that contains city x i and the region that contains city y i (1 ≤ x i, y i ≤ n). Note, that x i can be equal to y i.

Output
For each event of the first type print the answer on a separate line.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes