E. Information Graph

There are n employees working in company "X" (let's number them from 1 to n for convenience). Initially the employees didn't have any relationships among each other. On each of m next days one of the following events took place:

Your task is to write a program that will, given the events, answer the queries of the described type. At that, it is guaranteed that throughout the whole working time the company didn't have cyclic dependencies.

Input
The first line contains two integers n and m (1 ≤ n, m ≤ 10 5) — the number of employees and the number of events. Each of the next m lines contains the description of one event (the events are given in the chronological order). The first number of the line determines the type of event t (1 ≤ t ≤ 3). If t = 1, then next follow two integers x and y (1 ≤ x, y ≤ n) — numbers of the company employees. It is guaranteed that employee x doesn't have the boss currently. If t = 2, then next follow integer x (1 ≤ x ≤ n) — the number of the employee who got a document packet. If t = 3, then next follow two integers x and i (1 ≤ x ≤ n; 1 ≤ i ≤ [number of packets that have already been given]) — the employee and the number of the document packet for which you need to find out information. The document packets are numbered started from 1 in the chronological order. It is guaranteed that the input has at least one query of the third type.

Output
For each query of the third type print " YES " if the employee signed the document package and " NO " otherwise. Print all the words without the quotes.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 512 megabytes