D. Birthday

Ali is Hamed's little brother and tomorrow is his birthday. Hamed wants his brother to earn his gift so he gave him a hard programming problem and told him if he can successfully solve it, he'll get him a brand new laptop. Ali is not yet a very talented programmer like Hamed and although he usually doesn't cheat but this time is an exception. It's about a brand new laptop. So he decided to secretly seek help from you. Please solve this problem for Ali.

An n -vertex weighted rooted tree is given. Vertex number 1 is a root of the tree. We define d (u, v) as the sum of edges weights on the shortest path between vertices u and v. Specifically we define d (u, u) = 0. Also let's define S (v) for each vertex v as a set containing all vertices u such that d (1, u) = d (1, v) + d (v, u). Function f (u, v) is then defined using the following formula:

The goal is to calculate f (u, v) for each of the q given pair of vertices. As the answer can be rather large it's enough to print it modulo 10 9 + 7.

Input
In the first line of input an integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5), number of vertices of the tree is given. In each of the next n - 1 lines three space-separated integers a i, b i, c i (1 ≤ a i, b i ≤ n, 1 ≤ c i ≤ 10 9) are given indicating an edge between a i and b i with weight equal to c i. In the next line an integer q (1 ≤ q ≤ 10 5), number of vertex pairs, is given. In each of the next q lines two space-separated integers u i, v i (1 ≤ u i, v i ≤ n) are given meaning that you must calculate f (u i, v i). It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree.

Output
Output q lines. In the i -th line print the value of f (u i, v i) modulo 10 9 + 7.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes