D. Restoring Numbers

Vasya had two arrays consisting of non-negative integers: a of size n and b of size m. Vasya chose a positive integer k and created an n × m matrix v using the following formula:

Vasya wrote down matrix v on a piece of paper and put it in the table.

A year later Vasya was cleaning his table when he found a piece of paper containing an n × m matrix w. He remembered making a matrix one day by the rules given above but he was not sure if he had found the paper with the matrix v from those days. Your task is to find out if the matrix w that you've found could have been obtained by following these rules and if it could, then for what numbers k, a 1, a 2, ..., a n, b 1, b 2, ..., b m it is possible.

Input
The first line contains integers n and m (1 ≤ n, m ≤ 100), separated by a space — the number of rows and columns in the found matrix, respectively. The i -th of the following lines contains numbers w i, 1, w i, 2, ..., w i, m (0 ≤ w i, j ≤ 10 9), separated by spaces — the elements of the i -th row of matrix w.

Output
If the matrix w could not have been obtained in the manner described above, print " NO " (without quotes) in the single line of output. Otherwise, print four lines. In the first line print " YES " (without quotes). In the second line print an integer k (1 ≤ k ≤ 10 18). Note that each element of table w should be in range between 0 and k - 1 inclusively. In the third line print n integers a 1, a 2, ..., a n (0 ≤ a i ≤ 10 18), separated by spaces. In the fourth line print m integers b 1, b 2, ..., b m (0 ≤ b i ≤ 10 18), separated by spaces.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes