E. Ann and Half-Palindrome

Tomorrow Ann takes the hardest exam of programming where she should get an excellent mark.

On the last theoretical class the teacher introduced the notion of a half-palindrome.

String t is a half-palindrome, if for all the odd positions i () the following condition is held: t i = t | t | - i + 1, where | t | is the length of string t if positions are indexed from 1. For example, strings " abaa ", " a ", " bb ", " abbbaa " are half-palindromes and strings " ab ", " bba " and " aaabaa " are not.

Ann knows that on the exam she will get string s, consisting only of letters a and b, and number k. To get an excellent mark she has to find the k -th in the lexicographical order string among all substrings of s that are half-palyndromes. Note that each substring in this order is considered as many times as many times it occurs in s.

The teachers guarantees that the given number k doesn't exceed the number of substrings of the given string that are half-palindromes.

Can you cope with this problem?

Input
The first line of the input contains string s (1 ≤ | s | ≤ 5000), consisting only of characters ' a ' and ' b ', where | s | is the length of string s. The second line contains a positive integer k —  the lexicographical number of the requested string among all the half-palindrome substrings of the given string s. The strings are numbered starting from one. It is guaranteed that number k doesn't exceed the number of substrings of the given string that are half-palindromes.

Output
Print a substring of the given string that is the k -th in the lexicographical order of all substrings of the given string that are half-palindromes.

Constraints
time limit per test 1.5 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes