D. Happy Tree Party

Bogdan has a birthday today and mom gave him a tree consisting of n vertecies. For every edge of the tree i, some number x i was written on it. In case you forget, a tree is a connected non-directed graph without cycles. After the present was granted, m guests consecutively come to Bogdan's party. When the i -th guest comes, he performs exactly one of the two possible operations:

As Bogdan cares about his guests, he decided to ease the process. Write a program that performs all the operations requested by guests and outputs the resulting value y i for each i of the first type.

Input
The first line of the input contains integers, n and m (2 ≤ n ≤ 200 000, 1 ≤ m ≤ 200 000) — the number of vertecies in the tree granted to Bogdan by his mom and the number of guests that came to the party respectively. Next n - 1 lines contain the description of the edges. The i -th of these lines contains three integers u i, v i and x i (1 ≤ u i, v i ≤ n, u i ≠ v i, 1 ≤ x i ≤ 10 18), denoting an edge that connects vertecies u i and v i, with the number x i initially written on it. The following m lines describe operations, requested by Bogdan's guests. Each description contains three or four integers and has one of the two possible forms: 1 a i b i y i corresponds to a guest, who chooses the operation of the first type. 2 p i c i corresponds to a guests, who chooses the operation of the second type. It is guaranteed that all the queries are correct, namely 1 ≤ a i, b i ≤ n, 1 ≤ p i ≤ n - 1, 1 ≤ y i ≤ 10 18 and 1 ≤ c i < x p i, where x p i represents a number written on edge p i at this particular moment of time that is not necessarily equal to the initial value x p i, as some decreases may have already been applied to it. The edges are numbered from 1 to n - 1 in the order they appear in the input.

Output
For each guest who chooses the operation of the first type, print the result of processing the value y i through the path from a i to b i.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes