C. Alyona and towers

Alyona has built n towers by putting small cubes some on the top of others. Each cube has size 1 × 1 × 1. A tower is a non-zero amount of cubes standing on the top of each other. The towers are next to each other, forming a row.

Sometimes Alyona chooses some segment towers, and put on the top of each tower several cubes. Formally, Alyouna chooses some segment of towers from l i to r i and adds d i cubes on the top of them.

Let the sequence a 1, a 2, ..., a n be the heights of the towers from left to right. Let's call as a segment of towers a l, a l + 1, ..., a r a hill if the following condition holds: there is integer k (l ≤ k ≤ r) such that a l < a l + 1 < a l + 2 < ... < a k > a k + 1 > a k + 2 > ... > a r.

After each addition of d i cubes on the top of the towers from l i to r i, Alyona wants to know the maximum width among all hills. The width of a hill is the number of towers in it.

Input
The first line contain single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 3·10 5) — the number of towers. The second line contain n integers a 1, a 2, ..., a n (1 ≤ a i ≤ 10 9) — the number of cubes in each tower. The third line contain single integer m (1 ≤ m ≤ 3·10 5) — the number of additions. The next m lines contain 3 integers each. The i -th of these lines contains integers l i, r i and d i (1 ≤ l ≤ r ≤ n, 1 ≤ d i ≤ 10 9), that mean that Alyona puts d i cubes on the tio of each of the towers from l i to r i.

Output
Print m lines. In i -th line print the maximum width of the hills after the i -th addition.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes