D. Dasha and Very Difficult Problem

Dasha logged into the system and began to solve problems. One of them is as follows:

Given two sequences a and b of length n each you need to write a sequence c of length n, the i -th element of which is calculated as follows: c i = b i - a i.

About sequences a and b we know that their elements are in the range from l to r. More formally, elements satisfy the following conditions: l ≤ a i ≤ r and l ≤ b i ≤ r. About sequence c we know that all its elements are distinct.

Dasha wrote a solution to that problem quickly, but checking her work on the standard test was not so easy. Due to an error in the test system only the sequence a and the compressed sequence of the sequence c were known from that test.

Let's give the definition to a compressed sequence. A compressed sequence of sequence c of length n is a sequence p of length n, so that p i equals to the number of integers which are less than or equal to c i in the sequence c. For example, for the sequence c = [250, 200, 300, 100, 50] the compressed sequence will be p = [4, 3, 5, 2, 1]. Pay attention that in c all integers are distinct. Consequently, the compressed sequence contains all integers from 1 to n inclusively.

Help Dasha to find any sequence b for which the calculated compressed sequence of sequence c is correct.

Input
The first line contains three integers n, l, r (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ l ≤ r ≤ 10 9) — the length of the sequence and boundaries of the segment where the elements of sequences a and b are. The next line contains n integers a 1, a 2,  ..., a n (l ≤ a i ≤ r) — the elements of the sequence a. The next line contains n distinct integers p 1, p 2,  ..., p n (1 ≤ p i ≤ n) — the compressed sequence of the sequence c.

Output
If there is no the suitable sequence b, then in the only line print " -1 ". Otherwise, in the only line print n integers — the elements of any suitable sequence b.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes