E. Mahmoud and Ehab and the function

Dr. Evil is interested in math and functions, so he gave Mahmoud and Ehab array a of length n and array b of length m. He introduced a function f (j) which is defined for integers j, which satisfy 0 ≤ j ≤ m - n. Suppose, c i = a i - b i + j. Then f (j) = | c 1 - c 2 + c 3 - c 4... c n |. More formally,.

Dr. Evil wants Mahmoud and Ehab to calculate the minimum value of this function over all valid j. They found it a bit easy, so Dr. Evil made their task harder. He will give them q update queries. During each update they should add an integer x i to all elements in a in range [l i; r i] i.e. they should add x i to a l i, a l i + 1, ..., a r i and then they should calculate the minimum value of f (j) for all valid j.

Please help Mahmoud and Ehab.

Input
The first line contains three integers n, m and q (1 ≤ n ≤ m ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ q ≤ 10 5) — number of elements in a, number of elements in b and number of queries, respectively. The second line contains n integers a 1, a 2, ..., a n. (- 10 9 ≤ a i ≤ 10 9) — elements of a. The third line contains m integers b 1, b 2, ..., b m. (- 10 9 ≤ b i ≤ 10 9) — elements of b. Then q lines follow describing the queries. Each of them contains three integers l i r i x i (1 ≤ l i ≤ r i ≤ n, - 10 9 ≤ x ≤ 10 9) — range to be updated and added value.

Output
The first line should contain the minimum value of the function f before any update. Then output q lines, the i -th of them should contain the minimum value of the function f after performing the i -th update.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes