D. Magic Breeding

Nikita and Sasha play a computer game where you have to breed some magical creatures. Initially, they have k creatures numbered from 1 to k. Creatures have n different characteristics.

Sasha has a spell that allows to create a new creature from two given creatures. Each of its characteristics will be equal to the maximum of the corresponding characteristics of used creatures. Nikita has a similar spell, but in his spell, each characteristic of the new creature is equal to the minimum of the corresponding characteristics of used creatures. A new creature gets the smallest unused number.

They use their spells and are interested in some characteristics of their new creatures. Help them find out these characteristics.

Input
The first line contains integers n, k and q (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ k ≤ 12, 1 ≤ q ≤ 10 5) — number of characteristics, creatures and queries. Next k lines describe original creatures. The line i contains n numbers a i 1, a i 2, ..., a in (1 ≤ a ij ≤ 10 9) — characteristics of the i -th creature. Each of the next q lines contains a query. The i -th of these lines contains numbers t i, x i and y i (1 ≤ t i ≤ 3). They denote a query: t i = 1 means that Sasha used his spell to the creatures x i and y i. t i = 2 means that Nikita used his spell to the creatures x i and y i. t i = 3 means that they want to know the y i -th characteristic of the x i -th creature. In this case 1 ≤ y i ≤ n. It's guaranteed that all creatures' numbers are valid, that means that they are created before any of the queries involving them.

Output
For each query with t i = 3 output the corresponding characteristic.

Constraints
time limit per test 4 seconds
memory limit per test 1024 megabytes