E. Little Brother

Masha's little brother draw two points on a sheet of paper. After that, he draws some circles and gave the sheet to his sister.

Masha has just returned from geometry lesson so she instantly noticed some interesting facts about brother's drawing.

At first, the line going through two points, that brother drew, doesn't intersect or touch any circle.

Also, no two circles intersect or touch, and there is no pair of circles such that one circle is located inside another.

Moreover, for each circle, Masha drew a square of the minimal area with sides parallel axis such that this circle is located inside the square and noticed that there is no two squares intersect or touch and there is no pair of squares such that one square is located inside other.

Now Masha wants to draw circle of minimal possible radius such that it goes through two points that brother drew and doesn't intersect any other circle, but other circles can touch Masha's circle and can be located inside it.

It's guaranteed, that answer won't exceed 10 12. It should be held for hacks as well.

Input
First line contains four integers x 1, y 1, x 2, y 2 (- 10 5 ≤ x 1, y 1, x 2, y 2 ≤ 10 5) — coordinates of points that brother drew. First point has coordinates (x 1, y 1) and second point has coordinates (x 2, y 2). These two points are different. The second line contains single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5) — the number of circles that brother drew. Next n lines contains descriptions of circles. Each line contains three integers x i, y i, r i (- 10 5 ≤ x i, y i ≤ 10 5, 1 ≤ r i ≤ 10 5) describing circle with center (x i, y i) and radius r i.

Output
Output smallest real number, that it's possible to draw a circle with such radius through given points in such a way that it doesn't intersect other circles. The output is considered correct if it has a relative or absolute error of at most 10 - 4.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes