C. Envy

For a connected undirected weighted graph G, MST (minimum spanning tree) is a subgraph of G that contains all of G 's vertices, is a tree, and sum of its edges is minimum possible.

You are given a graph G. If you run a MST algorithm on graph it would give you only one MST and it causes other edges to become jealous. You are given some queries, each query contains a set of edges of graph G, and you should determine whether there is a MST containing all these edges or not.

Input
The first line contains two integers n, m (2  ≤ n, m ≤ 5·10 5, n - 1 ≤ m) — the number of vertices and edges in the graph and the number of queries. The i -th of the next m lines contains three integers u i, v i, w i (u i ≠ v i, 1 ≤ w i ≤ 5·10 5) — the endpoints and weight of the i -th edge. There can be more than one edges between two vertices. It's guaranteed that the given graph is connected. The next line contains a single integer q (1 ≤ q ≤ 5·10 5) — the number of queries. q lines follow, the i -th of them contains the i -th query. It starts with an integer k i (1 ≤ k i ≤ n - 1) — the size of edges subset and continues with k i distinct space-separated integers from 1 to m — the indices of the edges. It is guaranteed that the sum of k i for 1 ≤ i ≤ q does not exceed 5·10 5.

Output
For each query you should print " YES " (without quotes) if there's a MST containing these edges and " NO " (of course without quotes again) otherwise.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes