C. Bipartite Segments

You are given an undirected graph with n vertices. There are no edge-simple cycles with the even length in it. In other words, there are no cycles of even length that pass each edge at most once. Let's enumerate vertices from 1 to n.

You have to answer q queries. Each query is described by a segment of vertices [l; r], and you have to count the number of its subsegments [x; y] (l ≤ x ≤ y ≤ r), such that if we delete all vertices except the segment of vertices [x; y] (including x and y) and edges between them, the resulting graph is bipartite.

Input
The first line contains two integers n and m (1 ≤ n ≤ 3·10 5, 1 ≤ m ≤ 3·10 5) — the number of vertices and the number of edges in the graph. The next m lines describe edges in the graph. The i -th of these lines contains two integers a i and b i (1 ≤ a i, b i ≤ n; a i ≠ b i), denoting an edge between vertices a i and b i. It is guaranteed that this graph does not contain edge-simple cycles of even length. The next line contains a single integer q (1 ≤ q ≤ 3·10 5) — the number of queries. The next q lines contain queries. The i -th of these lines contains two integers l i and r i (1 ≤ l i ≤ r i ≤ n) — the query parameters.

Output
Print q numbers, each in new line: the i -th of them should be the number of subsegments [x; y] (l i ≤ x ≤ y ≤ r i), such that the graph that only includes vertices from segment [x; y] and edges between them is bipartite.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes