E. Maximum Questions

Vasya wrote down two strings s of length n and t of length m consisting of small English letters ' a ' and ' b '. What is more, he knows that string t has a form " abab... ", namely there are letters ' a ' on odd positions and letters ' b ' on even positions.

Suddenly in the morning, Vasya found that somebody spoiled his string. Some letters of the string s were replaced by character ' ? '.

Let's call a sequence of positions i, i + 1, ..., i + m - 1 as occurrence of string t in s, if 1 ≤ i ≤ n - m + 1 and t 1 = s i, t 2 = s i + 1, ..., t m = s i + m - 1.

The boy defines the beauty of the string s as maximum number of disjoint occurrences of string t in s. Vasya can replace some letters ' ? ' with ' a ' or ' b ' (letters on different positions can be replaced with different letter). Vasya wants to make some replacements in such a way that beauty of string s is maximum possible. From all such options, he wants to choose one with the minimum number of replacements. Find the number of replacements he should make.

Input
The first line contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 5) — the length of s. The second line contains the string s of length n. It contains small English letters ' a ', ' b ' and characters ' ? ' only. The third line contains a single integer m (1 ≤ m ≤ 10 5) — the length of t. The string t contains letters ' a ' on odd positions and ' b ' on even positions.

Output
Print the only integer — the minimum number of replacements Vasya has to perform to make the beauty of string s the maximum possible.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes