D. Jamie and To-do List

Why I have to finish so many assignments???

Jamie is getting very busy with his school life. He starts to forget the assignments that he has to do. He decided to write the things down on a to-do list. He assigns a value priority for each of his assignment (lower value means more important) so he can decide which he needs to spend more time on.

After a few days, Jamie finds out the list is too large that he can't even manage the list by himself! As you are a good friend of Jamie, help him write a program to support the following operations on the to-do list:

At day 0, the to-do list is empty. In each of the following q days, Jamie will do exactly one out of the four operations. If the operation is a query, you should output the result of the query before proceeding to the next day, or poor Jamie cannot make appropriate decisions.

If the operation is a query, you should output the result of the query and flush the output stream before proceeding to the next operation. Otherwise, you may get the verdict Idleness Limit Exceed.

For flushing the output stream, please refer to the documentation of your chosen programming language. The flush functions of some common programming languages are listed below:

Input
The first line consists of a single integer q (1 ≤ q ≤ 10 5) — the number of operations. The following q lines consists of the description of the operations. The i -th line consists of the operation that Jamie has done in the i -th day. The query has the following format: The first word in the line indicates the type of operation. It must be one of the following four: set, remove, query, undo. If it is a set operation, a string a i and an integer x i follows (1 ≤ x i ≤ 10 9). a i is the assignment that need to be set to priority x i. If it is a remove operation, a string a i follows. a i is the assignment that need to be removed. If it is a query operation, a string a i follows. a i is the assignment that needs to be queried. If it is a undo operation, an integer d i follows (0 ≤ d i < i). d i is the number of days that changes needed to be undone. All assignment names a i only consists of lowercase English letters and have a length 1 ≤ | a i | ≤ 15. It is guaranteed that the last operation is a query operation.

Output
For each query operation, output a single integer — the number of assignments that have a priority lower than assignment a i, or - 1 if a i is not in the to-do list.

Constraints
time limit per test 2 seconds
memory limit per test 512 megabytes