E. Birds

Apart from plush toys, Imp is a huge fan of little yellow birds!

To summon birds, Imp needs strong magic. There are n trees in a row on an alley in a park, there is a nest on each of the trees. In the i -th nest there are c i birds; to summon one bird from this nest Imp needs to stay under this tree and it costs him cost i points of mana. However, for each bird summoned, Imp increases his mana capacity by B points. Imp summons birds one by one, he can summon any number from 0 to c i birds from the i -th nest.

Initially Imp stands under the first tree and has W points of mana, and his mana capacity equals W as well. He can only go forward, and each time he moves from a tree to the next one, he restores X points of mana (but it can't exceed his current mana capacity). Moving only forward, what is the maximum number of birds Imp can summon?

Input
The first line contains four integers n, W, B, X (1 ≤ n ≤ 10 3, 0 ≤ W, B, X ≤ 10 9) — the number of trees, the initial points of mana, the number of points the mana capacity increases after a bird is summoned, and the number of points restored when Imp moves from a tree to the next one. The second line contains n integers c 1, c 2, ..., c n (0 ≤ c i ≤ 10 4) — where c i is the number of birds living in the i -th nest. It is guaranteed that. The third line contains n integers cost 1, cost 2, ..., cost n (0 ≤ cost i ≤ 10 9), where cost i is the mana cost to summon a bird from the i -th nest.

Output
Print a single integer — the maximum number of birds Imp can summon.

Constraints
time limit per test 1 second
memory limit per test 256 megabytes