E. Nastya and King-Shamans

Nastya likes reading and even spends whole days in a library sometimes. Today she found a chronicle of Byteland in the library, and it stated that there lived shamans long time ago. It is known that at every moment there was exactly one shaman in Byteland, and there were n shamans in total enumerated with integers from 1 to n in the order they lived. Also, each shaman had a magic power which can now be expressed as an integer.

The chronicle includes a list of powers of the n shamans. Also, some shamans can be king-shamans, if they gathered all the power of their predecessors, i.e. their power is exactly the sum of powers of all previous shamans. Nastya is interested in whether there was at least one king-shaman in Byteland.

Unfortunately many of the powers are unreadable in the list, so Nastya is doing the following:

Unfortunately the list is too large and Nastya wants you to help her.

Input
The first line contains two integers n and q (1 ≤ n, q ≤ 2·10 5). The second line contains n integers a 1, ..., a n (0 ≤ a i ≤ 10 9), where a i is the magic power of the i -th shaman. After that q lines follow, the i -th of them contains two integers p i and x i (1 ≤ p i ≤ n, 0 ≤ x i ≤ 10 9) that mean that the new power of the p i -th shaman is x i.

Output
Print q lines, the i -th of them should contain - 1, if after the i -th change there are no shaman-kings, and otherwise a single integer j, where j is an index of some king-shaman after the i -th change. If there are multiple king-shamans after each change, print the index of any of them.

Constraints
time limit per test 3 seconds
memory limit per test 256 megabytes